In this episode: Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King, is d*ad. King Robert Baratheon plans to ask his oldest friend, Eddard Stark, to take Jon's place. Across the sea, Viserys Targaryen plans to wed his sister to a nomadic w*rlord in exchange for an army.

[First scene opens with three Rangers riding through a tunnel, leaving the Wall, and going into the woods. (Eerie music in background) One Ranger splits off and finds a campsite full of mutilated bodies, including a child hanging from a tree branch. A birds-eye view shows the bodies arranged in a shield-like pattern. The Ranger rides back to the other two.]

WAYMAR ROYCE: What d’you expect? They’re savages. One lot steals a goat from another lot and before you know it, they’re ripping each other to pieces.

WILL: I’ve never seen wildlings do a thing like this. I’ve never seen a thing like this, not ever in my life.

WAYMAR ROYCE: How close did you get?

WILL: Close as any man would.

GARED: We should head back to the wall.

ROYCE: Do the d*ad frighten you?

GARED: Our orders were to track the wildlings. We tracked them. They won’t trouble us no more.

ROYCE: You don’t think he’ll ask us how they d*ed? Get back on your horse.

[GARED grumbles.]

WILL: Whatever did it to them could do it to us. They even k*lled the children.

ROYCE: It’s a good thing we’re not children. You want to run away south, run away. Of course, they will behead you as a deserter … If I don’t catch you first. Get back on your horse. I won’t say it again.

[WILL glares, but obeys. Sometime later, the three Rangers return to the campsite, which is now completely cleared.]

ROYCE: Your d*ad men seem to have moved camp.

WILL: They were here.

GARED: See where they went.

[The three look around, swords drawn. They hear the wind and eerie calls. GARED finds a red cloth in the snow.]

ROYCE: What is it?

GARED: It’s …

[As he speaks, a CREATURE with glowing blue eyes rises behind ROYCE. ROYCE turns, the CREATURE strikes. The scene shifts to WILL, who hears a man crying out. The three horses stampede past him. He turns and sees someone standing very still in the distance. The figure turns – it’s the child who had been suspended in the tree, now with glowing blue eyes. WILL turns and runs.

GARED is also fleeing, and we hear strange growls and catch glimpses of the CREATURE. Both terrified RANGERS stop, some distance apart, to catch their breath. WILL sees a CREATURE behead GARED. WILL sinks to his knees and the CREATURE tosses GARED’S head to him.]

[Blackout / Opening credits]

[Riders from Winterfell come up behind a dazed WILL. The scene shifts to the castle, where BRAN is practicing archery and getting frustrated, under the eyes of JON SNOW and ROBB STARK. JON pats BRAN’S shoulder.]

JON: Go on. Father’s watching.

[We see NED and CATELYN STARK watching from above.]

JON: And your mother.

[Scene shifts to needlework practice with the girls inside the castle.]

SEPTA MORDANE (to SANSA): Fine work, as always. Well done.

SANSA: Thank you.

SEPTA MORDANE: I love the detail that you’ve managed to get in this corners. … Quite beautiful … the stitching …

[As she murmurs to SANSA about the embroidery, ARYA struggles with her needlework and listens to the arrows hitting and the male laughter outside.]

[Outside, BRAN tries and misses again. Everyone laughs.]

NED: And which one of you was a marksman at ten? Keep practicing, Bran. Go on.

JON: Don’t think too much, Bran.

ROBB: Relax your bow arm.

[BRAN pulls the arrow back. An arrow hits the bullseye. BRAN (still with his arrow), JON, and ROBB turn in surprise to see ARYA, who curtsies after her perfect sh*t. ROBB and JON laugh as Bran takes out after ARYA.]

JON/ROBB: Quick, Bran, faster!

[RODRICK CASSEL and THEON GREYJOY approach NED and CATELYN on the balcony.]

CASSEL: Lord Stark. My lady. A guardsman just rode in from the hills. They’ve captured a deserter from the Night’s Watch.

[NED grimaces.]

NED: Get the lads to saddle their horses.

[THEON departs.]

CATELYN: Do you have to?

NED: He swore an oath, Cat.

CASSEL: The law is law, my lady.

NED: Tell Bran he’s coming, too.

[CASSEL nods and departs.]

CATELYN: Ned. Ten is too young to see such things.

NED: He won’t be a boy forever. And winter is coming.

[NED departs. In the courtyard, ROBB and JON gather the arrows. CATELYN turns and glares down on JON. He looks at her and walks away.]

ROBB: Lad, go run back and get the rest.

[Scene shifts, and we see WILL being taken to the block.]

WILL (muttering): White Walkers. I saw the White Walkers. White Walkers. The White Walkers, I saw them.

[He and NED face each other.]

WILL: I know I broke my oath. And I know I’m a deserter. I should have gone back to the Wall and warned them. But I saw what I saw. I saw the White Walkers. People need to know. If you can get word to my family, tell them I’m no coward. Tell them I’m sorry.

[NED nods yes, and WILL is positioned on the tree limb that serves as a block. NED draws ice from a scabbard held by Theon.]

WILL (whispering): Forgive me, lord.

[NED bows his head over ICE.]

NED: In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, first of his name …

JON (to BRAN): Don’t look away.

NED: King of the Andals and the First Men …

JON: Father will know if you do.

NED: Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and protector of the realm, I, Eddard of the House Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North, sentence you to die.

[NED swings ICE and beheads WILL. BRAN does not look away.]

JON: You did well.

[He walks away. ROBB turns and puts his arm around BRAN and they go to their horses together. NED approaches BRAN.]

NED: You understand why I did it?

BRAN: Jon said he was a deserter.

NED: But do you understand why I had to k*ll him?

BRAN: Our way is the old way?

NED: The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.

BRAN: Is it true he saw the White Walkers?

NED: The White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years.

BRAN: So he was lying?

NED: A madman sees what he sees.

[Scene shifts to a d*ad stag’s head. The Winterfell men gather on the bridge They see a ravaged deer before them.]

JON: What is it?

THEON: Mountain lion?

NED: There are no mountain lions in these woods.

[With swords out, they begin to search. NED finds a d*ad direwolf with antlers through her throat. Her pups are whimpering around her.]

THEON: It’s a freak.

NED: It’s a direwolf.

[NED and CASSEL glance at each other.]

NED: Tough old beast.

[He pulls out the antlers.]

ROBB: There are no direwolves south of the Wall.

JON: Now there are five.

[Jon picks up a pup and offers it to BRAN.]

JON: You want to hold it?

BRAN: Where will they go? Their mother’s d*ad.

CASSEL: They don’t belong down here.

NED: Better a quick death. They won’t last without their mother.

THEON: Right. Give it here.

BRAN: NO!

ROBB (disgustedly to THEON): Put away your blade.

THEON: I take orders from your father, not you.

BRAN: Please, father!

NED: I’m sorry, Bran.

JON: Lord Stark? There are five pups. One for each of the Stark children. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. They were meant to have them.

[Everyone looks at NED, BRAN with great hope.]

NED: You will train them yourselves. You will feed them yourselves. And if they die, you will bury them yourselves.

[BRAN cradles his pup as JON hands more pups to ROBB.]

BRAN (to JON): What about you?

JON: I’m not a Stark. Get on.

[JON walks away, pauses, and hears another whimper.]

ROBB: What is it?

[JON pulls up a white wolf pup.]

THEON: The runt of the litter. That one’s yours, Snow.

[Scene shifts to bells ringing at Kings Landing. In front of the Iron Throne, surrounded by druidical looking celebrants, lies the body of JON ARRYN. Up in the balcony, CERSEI watches the scene below as JAIME approaches.]

JAIME: As your brother, I feel it’s my duty to warn you: You worry too much. It’s starting to show.

CERSEI: And you never worry about anything. When we were seven, you jumped off the cliffs as Casterly Rock. One hundred foot drop into the water. And you were never afraid.

JAIME: There was nothing to be afraid of until you told father. [In a whisper, mimicking] We’re Lannisters. Lannisters don’t act like fools.

CERSEI: What if Jon Arryn told someone?

JAIME: But who would he tell?

CERSEI: My husband.

JAIME: If he told the king, both our heads would be skewered on the city gates by now. Whatever Jon Arryn knew or didn’t know, it d*ed with him. And Robert will choose a new Hand of the king, someone to do his job while he’s off f*cking boars and hunting whores. Or is it the other way around? And life will go on.

CERSEI: You should be the Hand of the king.

JAIME: That’s an honor I can do without. Their days are too long, their lives are too short.

[Scene shifts to a raven approaching Winterfell. CATELYN crosses a busy courtyard and finds NED in the godswood.]

CATELYN: All these years and I still feel like an outsider when I come here.

NED: You have five northern children. You’re not an outsider.

CATELYN: I wonder if the old gods agree.

NED: It’s your gods with all the rules.

CATELYN: I am so sorry, my love.

NED: Tell me.

CATELYN: There was a raven from Kings Landing. Jon Arryn is d*ad. A fever took him. I know he was like a father to you.

NED: Your sister. The boy …

CATELYN: They both have their health. Gods be good. [pause] The raven brought more news. The king rides for Winterfell. With the queen and all the rest of them.

NED: He’s coming this far North, there’s only one thing he’s after.

CATELYN: You can always say no, Ned.

[Scene shifts to the Winterfell great hall where a great banquet is being prepared.]

CATELYN: We need plenty of candles for Lord Tyrion’s chamber. I’m told he reads all night.

MAESTER LUWIN: I’m told he drinks all night.

CATELYN: How much could he possibly drink? A man of his … stature.

LUWIN: We’ve brought up eight barrels of ale from the cellar. Perhaps we’ll find out.

CATELYN: In any case, candles.

[Scene shifts to Robb, Theon, and Jon getting barbered.]

JON: Why’s your mother so d*ad-set on us getting pretty for the king?

THEON: It’s for the queen, I bet. I hear she’s [sleek as a mink?]

ROBB: I hear the prince is a right royal prick.

THEON: Think of all those southern girls he gets to s*ab with his right royal prick.

ROBB: Go on, Tommy, shave him good. He’s never met a girl he likes better than his own hair.

[Scene shifts to the royal procession approaching Winterfell. Bran sees them from his perch high atop a castle wall and clambers nimbly down to tell everyone. CATELYN and LUWIN walk to the courtyard, passing BRAN’s wolf pup.]

CATELYN: Gods, but they grow fast. [Seeing BRAN on the wall] Brandon!

BRAN: I saw the king! He’s got hundreds of people!

CATELYN: How many times have I told you: No climbing!

BRAN: But he’s coming right now! Down our road!

CATELYN: I want you to promise me: No more climbing.

BRAN (looking down): I promise.

CATELYN: D’you know what?

BRAN: What?

CATELYN: You always look at your feet before you lie. Run and find your father. Tell him the king is close.

[BRAN runs off, followed by his wolf pup.]

[Scene shifts to grand entry of the king’s horses and men. ARYA, wearing a helm and cloak, pushes her way into a tall wagon for a better look. In rides JOFFREY, followed by the HOUND. The other Starks wait in a greeting line.]

CATELYN: Where’s Arya? Sansa, where’s your sister?

[More riders with banners. ARYA scoots past her parents to get in the receiving line.]

NED: Hey,, hey, hey, hey. What are you doing with that on? [Pulls off ARYA’s helm]

ARYA (pushing BRAN): Move!

[JOFFREY rides up, SANSA smiles at him, ROBB glares at JOFFREY. The HOUND pulls up his helm. The coach carrying CERSEI lumbers in, followed by KING ROBERT. All kneel. ROBERT heaves himself off his horse. NED looks shocked at the sight of his old friend, now fat and red-faced. ROBERT signals for all to rise and looks at NED.]

NED: Your Grace.

ROBERT: You’ve got fat.

[NED gives ROBERT a “What about you?” look. They start laughing.]

ROBERT: Cat!

CATELYN: Your Grace.

ROBERT: Nine years. Why haven’t I seen you? Where the hell have you been?

NED: Guarding the North for you, Your Grace. Winterfell is yours.

[CERSEI and her other children descend from the coach.]

ARYA: Where’s the Imp?

SANSA: Will you shut up?

ROBERT: Who have we here? You must be Robb. (To Sansa) My, you’re a pretty one. (To Arya) Your name is?

ARYA: Arya.

ROBERT (to BRAN) Ooh. Show us your muscles. You’ll be a soldier.

[JAIME removes his helm.]

ARYA: That’s Jaime Lannister. The queen’s twin brother.

SANSA: Would you please shut up.

[CERSEI approaches.]

NED: My queen.

CATELYN: My queen.

ROBERT: Take me to your crypt. I want to pay my respects.

CERSEI: We’ve been riding for a month, my love. Surely the d*ad can wait.

ROBERT: Ned.

ARYA: Where’s the Imp?

[CERSEI, humiliated in front of all, walks back to JAIME.]

CERSEI: Where is our brother? Go find the little beast.

[Scene changes to the crypt.]

NED: Tell me about Jon Arryn.

ROBERT: One minute he was fine, and then … b*rned right through him, whatever it was. I loved that man.

NED: We both did.

ROBERT: He never had to teach you much, but me … You remember me at 16? All I wanted to do was cr*ck skulls and f*ck girls. He showed me what was what.

NED: Aye.

ROBERT: Don’t look at me like that. Not his fault I didn’t listen. (They laugh. ROBERT sighs.) I need you, Ned. Down at Kings Landing. Not up here, where you’re no damn use to anybody. Lord Eddard Stark, I would name you the Hand of the king.

[NED kneels.]

NED: I’m not worthy of the honor.

ROBERT: I’m not trying to honor you. I’m trying to get you to run my kingdom while I eat, drink, and whore my way to an early grave. Damn it, Ned, stand up. You helped me win the Iron Throne, now help me keep the damn thing. We were meant to rule together. If your sister had lived, we would have been bound by blood. Well, it’s not too late. I have a son, you have a daughter. We’ll join our Houses.

[Scene changes to JAIME in the Winterfell settlement. We see Tyrion inside a whorehouse, swilling liquor and laughing as a woman pops into view after servicing him.]

TYRION: Mmh. It is true what they say about the Northern girls.

ROS: Did you hear the king’s in Winterfell?

TYRION: I did hear something about that.

ROS: And the queen. And her twin brother. They say that he is the most handsome man in the Seven Kingdoms.

TYRION: And the other brother?

ROS: The queen has two brothers?

TYRION: There’s the pretty one. And there’s the clever one.

ROS: I hear they call him the Imp.

TYRION: I hear he hates that nickname.

ROS: Oh? I hear he’s more than earned it. I hear he’s a drunken little lecher into all manner of perversions.

TYRION: Clever girl.

ROS: We’ve been expecting you, Lord Tyrion.

TYRION: Have you?

TYRION: The gods gave me one blessing.

[She climbs on TYRION. JAIME walks in without knocking.]

JAIME: Don’t get up.

ROS: M’lord.

TYRION: Should I explain to you the meaning of a closed door in a whorehouse, brother?

JAIME: You’ve much to teach me, no doubt. But our sister craves your attention.

TYRION: She has odd cravings, our sister.

JAIME: A family trait. Now, the Starks are feasting us at sundown. Don’t leave me alone with these people.

TYRION: I’m sorry, I’ve g*n the feast a bit early. And this is the first of many courses.

JAIME: I thought you might say that. But since we’re short on time, (he opens the door; a bevy of whores enter and descend on TYRION) Come on, girls. See you at sundown.

[JAIME leaves.]

TYRION: Close the door!

[Scene changes to the Winterfell crypt, at Lyanna’s tomb. Robert places a feather in the hand of her statue.]

ROBERT: Did you have to bury her in a place like this? She should be on a hill somewhere with the sun and the clouds above her.

NED: She was my sister. This is where she belongs.

ROBERT: She belonged with me.

[He touches Lyanna’s face.]

ROBERT: In my dreams, I k*ll him every night.

NED: It’s done, Your Grace. The Targaryens are gone.

ROBERT: Not all of them.

[Scene shifts to Daenerys on a balcony in Pentos, across the Narrow Sea.]

VISERYS (off camera): Daenerys!

[He enters a large chamber.]

VISERYS: Daenerys! There’s our bride to be! Look – a gift from Illyrio. Touch it. Come on. Feel the fabric. Mmmm. Isn’t he a gracious host?

DAENERYS: We’ve been his guests for over a year and he’s never asked us for anything.

VISERYS: Illyrio is no fool. He knows I won’t forget my friends when I come into my throne. You still slouch. Let me see. (He pulls off her gown.) You have a woman’s body now. (She endures it as he strokes her breast.) I need you to be perfect today. Can you do that for me? You don’t want to wake the dragon, do you?

DAENERYS: No.

[VISERYS nods and starts to leave the chamber. He turns.]

VISERYS: When they write the history of my reign, sweet sister, they will say it began today.

[Daenerys turns and steps into a steaming hot bath with a despairing look on her face.]

MAID: It’s too hot, my lady.
[But DAENERYS keeps stepping deeper. The scene shifts to ILLYRIOS, DAENERYS, AND VISERYS outside the mansion, awaiting Khal Drogo.]

VISERYS: Where is he?

ILLYRIO: The Dothraki are not known for their punctuality.

[A host of Dothraki come riding up. Khal Drogo wheels his stallion into the front.]

ILLYRIO: (Greets them in Dothraki.) May I present my honored guests? Viserys of House Targaryen, the third of his name. The rightful King of the Andals and the First Men. And his sister, Daenerys, of the House Targaryen.

VISERYS (to DAENERYS) Do you see how long his hair is? When Dothraki are defeated in combat, they cut off their braid so the whole world can see their shame. Khal Drogo has never been defeated. He’s a savage, of course, but he’s one of the finest K*llers alive. And you will be his queen.

ILLYRIO: Come forward, my dear.

[KHAL DROGO watches as DAENERYS walks toward him. She does not hesitate and looks straight at him, although there is fear on her face. KHAL DROGO gazes at her and then leads his horsemen on a charge away.]

VISERYS: Where’s he going?

ILLYRIO: The ceremony is over.

VISERYS: But he didn’t say anything. Did he like her?

ILLYRIO: Trust me, Your Grace. If he didn’t like her, we’d know.

[The scene shifts to ILLYRIO, VISERYS, AND DAENERYS ON A GARDEN BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE SEA.]

ILLYRIO: It won’t be long now. Soon you will cross the Narrow Sea and take back your father’s throne. The people drink secret toasts to your health. They cry out for their true king.

VISERYS: When will they be married?

ILLYRIO: Soon. The Dothraki never stay still for long.

VISERYS: Is it true they lie with their horses?

ILLYRIO: I wouldn’t ask Khal Drogo.

VISERYS: Do you take me for a fool?

ILLYRIO: I take you for a king. Kings lack the caution of common men. My apologies if I’ve given offense.

VISERYS: I know how to play a man like Drogo. I give him a queen and he gives me an army.

DAENERYS (pleadingly) I don’t want to be his queen. I want to go home.

VISERYS: So do I. I want us both to go home. But they took it from us. So tell me, sweet sister, how do we go home?

DAENERYS: I don’t know.

VISERYS: We go home with an army. With Khal Drogo’s army. I would let his whole tribe f*ck you, all 40,000 men and their horses too, if that’s what it took.

[He gives DAENERYS a brotherly kiss on the forehead and walks away. The scene shifts to a bedroom in Winterfell, where CATELYN is fixing SANSA’S hair.]

SANSA: Do you think Joffrey will like me? What if he thinks I’m ugly?

CATELYN: Then he is the stupidest prince that ever lived.

SANSA: He’s so handsome.

[CATELYN rolls her eyes.]

SANSA: When would we be married? Soon or do we have to wait?

CATELYN: Hush now. Your father hasn’t even said yes.

SANSA: Why would he say no? He’d be the second most powerful man in the kingdoms.

CATELYN: He’d have to leave home. He’d have to leave me. And so would you.

SANSA: You left your home to come here. And I’d be queen someday. Please make father say yes.

CATELYN: Sansa…

SANSA: Please, please. It’s the only thing I ever wanted.

[Scene shifts to the Winterfell banquet. Laughter, music, KING ROBERT getting bawdy with a wench. CATELYN and CERSEI watch, CATELYN embarrassed for CERSEI, who looks disgusted. Out in the courtyard, JON takes out his frustration on a fencing dummy. His uncle BENJEN rides up.]

BENJEN: Is he d*ad yet?

JON: Uncle Benjen!

[They hug.]

BENJEN: You got bigger. I rode all day. Didn’t want to leave you alone with the Lannisters. Why aren’t you at the feast?

JON: Lady Stark thought it might insult the royal family to seat a bastard in their midst.

BENJEN: Well, you’re always welcome on the wall. No bastard was ever refused a seat there.

JON: So take me with you when you go back.

BENJEN: Jon…

JON: Father will let me if you ask him, I know he will.

BENJEN: The Wall isn’t going anywhere.

JON: I’m ready to swear your oath.

BENJEN: You don’t understand what you’d be giving up. We have no families. None of us will ever father sons.

JON: I don’t care about that.

BENJEN: You might, if you knew what it meant. … I’d better get inside. Rescue your father from his guests. We’ll talk later.

[BENJEN goes to the banquet.]

TYRION: Your uncle’s in the Night’s Watch.

JON: What’re you doing back there?

TYRION (drinking): Preparing for a night with your family. I’ve always wanted to see the Wall.

JON: You’re Tyrion Lannister. The queen’s brother?

TYRION: My greatest accomplishment. You – you’re Ned Stark’s bastard, aren’t you?

[JON looks angry and turns away.]

TYRION: Did I offend you? Sorry. You are the bastard, though.

JON: Lord Eddard Stark is my father.

TYRION: And Lady Stark is not your mother. Making you a bastard. Let me give you some advice, bastard. Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor. Then it can never be used to hurt you.

JON: What the hell do you know about being a bastard?

TYRION: All dwarves are bastards in their fathers’ eyes.

[TYRION departs. JON picks up his sword and att*cks the dummy with new ferocity.]

[The scene shifts back to the banquet, in full raucous swing. NED is off to himself; BENJEN comes up to him.]

BENJEN: You at a feast -- It’s like a bear in a trap.

NED: The boy I beheaded. Did you know him?

BENJEN: Of course I did. Just a lad. But he was tough, Ned. A true Ranger.

NED: He was talking madness. Said the Walkers slaughtered his friends.

BENJEN: The two he was with are still missing.

NED: A wildling ambush.

BENJEN: Maybe. Direwolves south of the wall. Talk of the Walkers. My brother might be the next Hand to the king. Winter is coming.

NED: Winter is coming.

[ROBB approaches.]

ROBB: Uncle Benjen.

BENJEN: Robb boy. How are ye?

ROBB: I’m good.

[KING ROBERT gets even more bawdy with a wench.]

CATELYN (in desperation) Is this your first time in the North, Your Grace?

CERSEI: Yes. Lovely country.

[They observe SANSA.]

CATELYN: I’m sure it’s very grim, after Kings Landing. I remember how scared I was when Ned brought me up here for the first time.

[SANSA approaches and smiles shyly at CERSEI.]

CERSEI: Hello, little dove. But you are a beauty. How old are you?

SANSA: Thirteen, Your Grace.

CERSEI: You’re tall. Still growing?

SANSA: I think so, Your Grace.

CERSEI: And have you bled yet?

SANSA (discomfited): No, Your Grace.

CERSEI: And your dress. Did you make it?

[SANSA nods yes.]

CERSEI: Such talent. You must make something for me.

[SANSA departs.]

CERSEI (to CATELYN]: I hear we might share a grandchild someday.

CATELYN: I hear the same.

CERSEI: Your daughter will do well in the capital. Such a beauty shouldn’t stay hidden up here forever.

[SANSA and JOFFREY catch each other’s eye. JOFFREY smiles at her and she turns to her friend.]

[JAIME and NED meet up. JAIME blocks their path.]

NED: Your pardon.

JAIME: I hear we might be neighbors soon. I hope it’s true.

NED: Yes, the king has honored me with his offer.

JAIME: I’m sure we’ll have a tournament to celebrate the new title, if you accept. It would be good to have you in the field. The competition has become a bit stale.

NED: I don’t fight in tournaments.

JAIME: No? Getting a little old for it?

NED: I don’t fight in tournaments because when I fight a man for real, I don’t want him to know what I can do.

JAIME: Well said.

[ARYA flips food onto SANSA’s face.]

SANSA: Arya!

[CATELYN signals a laughing ROBB to deal with the girls. He hoists up ARYA.]

ROBB: Time for bed.

[The scene shifts to after the banquet. NED and CATELYN are in their bed.]

NED: I’m a Northman. I belong here with you, not down south in that rat’s nest they call a capital.

CATELYN: I won’t let him take you.

NED: The king takes what he wants. That’s why he’s king.

CATELYN: I’ll say, ‘Listen, fat man, you are not taking my husband anywhere. He belongs to me now.’

NED: How did he get so fat?

CATELYN: He only stops eating when it’s time for a drink.

[There’s a knock at the door.]

A VOICE: It’s Maester Luwin, my lord.

NED: Send him in.

LUWIN: Pardon, my lord, my lady. A rider in the night from your sister.

[He hands CATELYN a sealed note.]

NED: Stay.

CATELYN: This was sent from the Eyrie. What’s she doing at the Eyrie? She hasn’t been back there since her wedding.

[CATELYN reads the note, looks up in alarm, and then burns it.]

NED: What news?

CATELYN: She’s fled the capital. She says Jon Arryn was m*rder. By the Lannisters. She says the king is in danger.

NED: She’s fresh widowed, Cat. She doesn’t know what she’s saying.

CATELYN: Lysa’s head would be on a spike right now if the wrong people had found that letter. Do you think she would risk her life, her son’s life, if she wasn’t certain her husband was m*rder?

LUWIN: If this news is true, and the Lannisters conspire against the throne, who but you can protect the king?

CATELYN: They m*rder the last Hand. Now you want Ned to take the job.

LUWIN: The king rode for a month to ask Lord Stark’s help. He’s the only one he trusts. You swore the king an oath, my lord.

CATELYN: He spent half his life fighting Robert’s wars. He owes him nothing. (To NED) Your father and brother rode south once on a king’s demand.

LUWIN: A different time. Different king.

[The scene shifts to the wild wedding celebration of KHAL DROGO and DAENERYS. Fighting and fornication. DAENERYS looks stricken at everything around her.]

VISERYS: When do I meet with the Khal? We need to begin planning the invasion.

ILLYRIO: If Khal Drogo has promised you a crown, you shall have it.

VISERYS: When?

ILLYRIO: When their omens favor w*r.

VISERYS: I piss on Dothraki omens. I waited 17 years to get my throne back.

[The sex and v*olence intensify. Two men fight to the death over a woman each is trying to r*pe. KHAL DROGO watches avidly.]

ILLYRIO: A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair.

[A knight in Westerosi garb appears. KHAL DROGO greets him in Dothraki. It is JORAH MORMONT, bearing books.]

JORAH: A small gift for the new Khaleesi. Songs and histories from the Seven Kingdoms.

DAENERYS: Thank you, ser. Are you from my country?

JORAH: Ser Jorah Mormont of Bear Island. I served your father for many years. Gods be good, I hope to always serve the rightful king.

[DANY is presented with a chest with three dragon eggs in it.]

ILLYRIO: Dragons’ eggs, Daenerys. From the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai. The ages have turned them to stone, but they will always be beautiful.

DAENERYS: Thank you, Magister.

[KHAL DROGO rises and strides forward. DAENERYS follows him, looking sick with fear. The Dothraki crowd behind her as she goes. The KHAL leads her to a white mare.]

DAENERYS: She’s beautiful. … Ser Jorah, I don’t know how to say ‘thank you’ in Dothraki.

JORAH: There is no word for ‘thank you’ in Dothraki.

[The KHAL puts DANY on her horse and mounts his.]

VISERYS: Make him happy.

[The scene shifts to the seaside at sunset. The KHAL begins to unwrap DANY’s dress. She is sobbing. He touches the tears on her face.]

KHAL DROGO: No.

DAENERYS: Do you know the Common Tongue?

KHAL DROGO: No.

DAENERYS: Is ‘no’ the only word that you know?

KHAL DROGO: No.

[He takes off her gown and bends her down.]

[The scene shifts to Winterfell. Tyrion and the Hound are seated outside the day after the banquet.]

THE HOUND: Rough night, Imp?

TYRION: If I get through this without squirting from one end or the other, it will be a miracle.

THE HOUND: I didn’t pick you for a hunter.

TYRION: The greatest in the land. My spear never misses.

THE HOUND: It’s not hunting if you pay for it.

[The king and Ned come into view.]

ROBERT: Are you as good with a spear as you used to be?

NED: No, but I’m still better than you.

ROBERT: I know what I’m putting you through. Thank you for saying yes. I only ask you because I need you. You’re a loyal friend. You hear me? A loyal friend. The last one I’ve got.

NED: I hope I’ll serve you well.

ROBERT: You will. And I’ll make sure you don’t look so f*cking grim all the time. Come on, boys, let’s go k*ll some boar!

[The king’s party rides off, NED nodding goodbye to BRAN, whose wolf pup begins sniffing at his feet.]

BRAN: Come on, you.

[BRAN begins climbing, his wolf pup crying at the bottom of the castle wall. As he nears the top, he hears a woman and man moaning. Peering in the window, he sees CERSEI and JAIME having sex. CERSEI sees BRAN.]

CERSEI: Stop. STOP.

[JAIME runs and grabs BRAN at the window.]

JAIME: Are you completely mad?

CERSEI: He saw us.

JAIME: It’s all right. It’s all right.

CERSEI: He saw us!

JAIME: I heard you the first time. (To BRAN) Quite the little climber, aren’t you? How old are you, boy?

BRAN: Ten

.

JAIME: Ten.

[JAIME looks at CERSEI, who gazes back imploringly.]

JAIME: The things I do for love.

[He shoves BRAN out the window.]

/ BLACKOUT /

( Cawing )

There was a raven from King's Landing.

Jon Arryn is d*ad.

The King rides for Winterfell with the Queen and all the rest of them.

The Queen has two brothers?

There's the pretty one, and there's the clever one.

I would name you the Hand of the King.

We were meant to rule together.

I have a son, you have a daughter. We'll join our houses.

The boy I beheaded ... he was talking madness.

Said the others slaughtered his friends.

Ned: A Wildling ambush.

Maybe.

You're Tyrion Lannister. You ... you're Ned Stark's bastard, aren't you?

Let me give you some advice, bastard. Never forget what you are and it can never be used to hurt you.

It's a direwolf.

There are no direwolves south of the wall.

Now there are five, one for each of the Stark children.

What about you?

I'm not a Stark.

That one's yours, Snow.

May I present Viserys of House Targaryen, the rightful King of the Andals, and his sister Daenerys?

I don't want to be his queen. I want to go home.

We go home with an army ... with Khal Drogo's army.

From your sister. She says Jon Arryn was m*rder by the Lannisters.

She says the King is in danger.

What if Jon Arryn told someone?

Whatever Jon Arryn knew d*ed with him.

The things I do for love.

♪ Game of Thrones 1x02 ♪ The Kingsroad Original Air Date on April 24, 2011

♪ ♪

Jorah Mormont : You need to drink, child. And eat.

Daenerys Targaryen : Isn't there anything else ?

Jorah Mormont : The Dothraki have two things in abundance : grass and horses. People can't live on grass. In the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, they say there are fields of ghost grass with stalks as pale as milk that glow in the night. It m*rder all other grass. The Dothraki believe that one day it will cover everything. That's the way the world will end. It'll get easier.

Doreah : Khaleesi !

Irri : Your hands.

Jorah Mormont : We're still not far from Pentos, your Grace. Magister Illyrio has extended his hospitality. You'd be more comfortable there.

Viserys Targaryen : I have no interest in hospitality or comfort. I'll stay with Drogo until he fulfils his end of the bargain and I have my crown.

Jorah Mormont : As you wish, your Grace.

Viserys Targaryen : Well, Mormont, as brutish as this life is, I suppose it is preferable to beheading. What did Ned Stark want you for ? Buying from a slaver ?

Jorah Mormont : Selling to one... Some poachers I caught on my land.

Viserys Targaryen : Under my reign, you won't be punished for such nonsense. You can rest assured of that.

Joffrey Baratheon : Better-looking bitches than you're used to, Uncle. My mother's been looking for you. We ride for King's Landing today.

Tyrion Lannister : Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies.

Joffrey Baratheon : What good will my sympathies do them ?

Tyrion Lannister : None. But it is expected of you. Your absence has already been noted.

Joffrey Baratheon : The boy means nothing to me. And I can't stand the wailing of women.

Tyrion Lannister : One word and I'll h*t you again.

Joffrey Baratheon : I'm telling mother !

Tyrion Lannister : Go ! Tell her. But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark and you will fall on your knees in front of them and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service, and that all your prayers are with them. Do you understand ?

Joffrey Baratheon : You can't...

Tyrion Lannister : Do you understand ?

Sandor Clegane : The Prince will remember that, little lord.

Tyrion Lannister : I hope so. If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him. Time for breakfast. Bread. And two of those little fish. And a mug of dark beer to wash it down. And bacon, b*rned black.

Jaime Lannister : Little brother.

Tyrion Lannister : Beloved siblings.

Myrcella Baratheon : Is Bran going to die ?

Tyrion Lannister : Apparently not.

Cersei Baratheon : What do you mean ?

Tyrion Lannister : The Maester says the boy may live.

Cersei Baratheon : It's no mercy, letting a child linger in such pain.

Tyrion Lannister : Only the gods know for certain. All the rest of us can do is pray. The charms of the north seem entirely lost on you.

Cersei Baratheon : I still can't believe you're going. It's ridiculous even for you.

Tyrion Lannister : Where's your sense of wonder ? The greatest structure ever built, the intrepid men of the Night's Watch, the wintry abode of the White Walkers.

Jaime Lannister : Tell me you're not thinking of taking the black.

Tyrion Lannister : And go celibate ? The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock. I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world.

Cersei Baratheon : The children don't need to hear your filth. Come.

Jaime Lannister : Even if the boy lives, he'll be a cr*pple, a grotesque. Give me a good clean death any day.

Tyrion Lannister : Speaking for the grotesques, I'd have to disagree. Death is so final, whereas life... Life is full of possibilities. I hope the boy does wake. I'd be very interested to hear what he has to say.

Jaime Lannister : My dear brother, there are times you make me wonder whose side you're on.

Tyrion Lannister : My dear brother, you wound me. You know how much I love my family.

Cersei Baratheon : Please.

Catelyn Stark : I would have dressed, your Grace.

Cersei Baratheon : This is your home. I'm your guest. Handsome one, isn't he ? I lost my first boy, a little black-haired beauty. He was a fighter too... Tried to b*at the fever that took him. Forgive me. It's the last thing you need to hear right now.

Catelyn Stark : I never knew.

Cersei Baratheon : It was years ago. Robert was crazed, b*at his hands bloody on the wall, all the things men do to show you how much they care. The boy looked just like him. Such a little thing... A bird without feathers. They came to take his body away and Robert held me. I screamed and I battled, but he held me. That little bundle. They took him away and I never saw him again. Never have visited the crypt, never. I pray to the Mother every morning and night that she return your child to you.

Catelyn Stark : I am grateful.

Cersei Baratheon : Perhaps this time she'll listen.

Jaime Lannister : A sword for the wall ?

Jon Snow : I already have one.

Jaime Lannister : Good man. Have you swung it yet ?

Jon Snow : Of course I have.

Jaime Lannister : At someone, I mean. It's a strange thing, the first time you cut a man. You realize we're nothing but sacks of meat and blood and some bone to keep it all standing. Let me thank you ahead of time for guarding us all from the perils beyond the Wall... Wildlings and White Walkers and whatnot. We're grateful to have good, strong men like you protecting us.

Jon Snow : We've guarded the kingdoms for 8 000 years.

Jaime Lannister : Is it "we" already ? Have you taken your vows then ?

Jon Snow : Soon enough.

Jaime Lannister : Give my regards to the Night's Watch. I'm sure it will be thrilling to serve in such an elite force. And if not ? It's only for life.

Arya Stark : Thank you, Nymeria. Septa Mordane says I have to do it again. My things weren't properly folded, she says. Who cares how they're folded ?! They're going to get all messed up anyway.

Jon Snow : It's good you've got help.

Arya Stark : Watch. Nymeria, gloves.

Jon Snow : Impressive.

Arya Stark : Shut up. Nymeria, gloves !

Jon Snow : I have something for you. And it has to be packed very carefully.

Arya Stark : A present ?

Jon Snow : Close the door. This is no toy. Be careful you don't cut yourself.

Arya Stark : It's so skinny.

Jon Snow : So are you. I had the blacksmith make it for you special. It won't hack a man's head off, but it can poke him full of holes if you're quick enough.

Arya Stark : I can be quick.

Jon Snow : You'll have to work at it every day. How does it feel ? Do you like the balance ?

Arya Stark : I think so.

Jon Snow : First lesson: Stick them with the pointy end.

Arya Stark : I know which end to use.

Jon Snow : I'm going to miss you. Careful. All the best swords have names, you know.

Arya Stark : Sansa can keep her sewing needles. I've got a needle of my own.

Jon Snow : I came to say goodbye to Bran.

Catelyn Stark : You've said it.

Jon Snow : I wish I could be here when you wake up. I'm going north with Uncle Benjen. I'm taking the black. I know we always talked about seeing the Wall together, but you'll be able to come visit me at Castle Black when you're better. I'll know my way around by then. I'll be a sworn brother of the Night's Watch. We can go out walking beyond the Wall, if you're not afraid.

Catelyn Stark : I want you to leave. 17 years ago you rode off with Robert Baratheon. You came back a year later with another woman's son. And now you're leaving again.

Eddard Stark : I have no choice.

Catelyn Stark : That's what men always say when honor calls. That's what you tell your families, tell yourselves. You do have a choice. And you've made it. I can't do it, Ned. I really can't.

Eddard Stark : You can. You must.

Robb Stark : You've said goodbye to Bran ? He's not going to die. I know it.

Jon Snow : You Starks are hard to k*ll.

Robb Stark : My mother ?

Jon Snow : She was very kind.

Robb Stark : Good. Next time I see you, you'll be all in black.

Jon Snow : It was always my color.

Robb Stark : Farewell, Snow.

Jon Snow : And you, Stark.

Eddard Stark : There's great honor serving in the Night's Watch. The Starks have manned the Wall for thousands of years. And you are a Stark. You might not have my name, but you have my blood.

Jon Snow : Is my mother alive ? Does she know about me ? Where I am, where I'm going ? Does she care ?

Eddard Stark : The next time we see each other, we'll talk about your mother. I promise.

Robert Baratheon : Gods, this is country ! I've half a mind to leave them all behind and keep going.

Eddard Stark : I've half a mind to go with you.

Robert Baratheon : What do you say, just you and me on the Kingsroad, swords at our sides, a couple of tavern wenches to warm our beds tonight.

Eddard Stark : You should have asked me 20 years ago.

Robert Baratheon : There were wars to fight, women to marry... We never had the chance to be young.

Eddard Stark : I recall a few chances.

Robert Baratheon : There was that one... Oh, what was her name ? That common girl of yours ? Becca ? With the great big tits you could bury your face in.

Eddard Stark : Bessie. She was one of yours.

Robert Baratheon : Bessie ! Thank the gods for Bessie and her tits. Yours was... Aleena ? No. You told me once. Meryl ? Your bastard's mother ?

Eddard Stark : Wylla.

Robert Baratheon : That's it. She must have been a rare wench to make Lord Eddard Stark forget his honor. You never told me what she looked like.

Eddard Stark : Nor will I.

Robert Baratheon : We were at w*r. None of us knew if we were gonna go back home again. You're too hard on yourself. You always have been. I swear if I weren't your King, you'd have h*t me already.

Eddard Stark : The worst thing about your coronation... I'll never get to h*t you again.

Robert Baratheon : Trust me, that's not the worst thing. There was a rider in the night.

Eddard Stark : Daenerys Targaryen has wed some Dothraki horselord. What of it ? Should we send her a wedding gift ?

Robert Baratheon : A Kn*fe perhaps, a good sharp one, and a bold man to wield it.

Eddard Stark : She's little more than a child.

Robert Baratheon : Soon enough that child will spread her legs and start breeding.

Eddard Stark : Tell me we're not speaking of this.

Robert Baratheon : Oh, it's unspeakable to you ? What her father did to your family... That was unspeakable. What Rhaegar Targaryen did to your sister... the woman I loved. I'll k*ll every Targaryen I get my hands on.

Eddard Stark : But you can't get your hands on this one, can you ?

Robert Baratheon : This Khal Drogo, it's said he has 100 000 men in his horde.

Eddard Stark : Even a million Dothraki are no thr*at to the realm, as long as they remain on the other side of the Narrow Sea. They have no ships, Robert.

Robert Baratheon : There are still those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper. If the Targaryen boy crosses with a Dothraki horde at his back, the scum will join him.

Eddard Stark : He will not cross. And if by chance he does, we'll throw him back into the sea.

Robert Baratheon : There's a w*r coming, Ned. I don't know when, I don't know who we'll be fighting, but it's coming.
Benjen Stark : Sit. You'll be fed. Untie them.

Tyrion Lannister : Rapers. They were given a choice no doubt... Castration or the Wall. Most choose the Kn*fe. Not impressed by your new brothers ? Lovely thing about the Watch... You discard your old family and get a whole new one.

Jon Snow : Why do you read so much ?

Tyrion Lannister : Look at me and tell me what you see.

Jon Snow : Is this a trick ?

Tyrion Lannister : What you see is a dwarf. If I'd been born a peasant they might've left me out in the woods to die. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock. Things are expected of me. My father was the Hand of the King for 20 years.

Jon Snow : Until your brother k*lled that King.

Tyrion Lannister : Until my brother k*lled him. Life is full of these little ironies. My sister married the new King and my repulsive nephew will be King after him. I must do my part for the honor of my house, wouldn't you agree ? But how ? Well, my brother has his sword and I have my mind. And a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much. And you ? What's your story, bastard ?

Jon Snow : Ask me nicely and maybe I'll tell you, dwarf.

Tyrion Lannister : A bastard boy with nothing to inherit, off to join the ancient order of the Night's Watch, alongside his valiant brothers-in-arms.

Jon Snow : The Night's Watch protects the realm from...

Tyrion Lannister : Yes yes, against grumpkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned you about. You're a smart boy. You don't believe that nonsense. Everything's better with some wine in the belly.

Maester Luwin : It's time we reviewed the accounts, my lady. You'll want to know how much this royal visit has cost us.

Catelyn Stark : Talk to Poole about it.

Maester Luwin : Poole went south with Lord Stark, my lady. We need a new steward, and there are several other appointments that require our immediate attention...

Catelyn Stark : I don't care about appointments !

Robb Stark : I'll make the appointments. We'll talk about it first thing in the morning.

Maester Luwin : Very good, my Lord. My Lady.

Robb Stark : When was the last time you left this room ?

Catelyn Stark : I have to take care of him.

Robb Stark : He's not going to die, mother. Maester Luwin says the most dangerous time has passed.

Catelyn Stark : What if he's wrong ? Bran needs me.

Robb Stark : Rickon needs you. He's six. He doesn't know what's happening. He follows me around all day, clutching my leg, crying...

Catelyn Stark : Close the windows ! I can't stand it ! Please make them stop !

Robb Stark : f*re. You stay here. I'll come back.

Man : You're not supposed to be here. No one is supposed to be here. It's a mercy. He's d*ad already.

Catelyn Stark : No !

Daenerys Targaryen : Have you ever seen a dragon ?

Irri : Dragon gone, Khaleesi.

Daenerys Targaryen : Everywhere ? Even in the east ?

Irri : No dragon. Brave men k*ll them. It is known.

Jhiqui : It is known.

Doreah : A trader from Garth told me that dragons come from the moon.

Daenerys Targaryen : The moon ?

Doreah : He told me the moon was an egg, Khaleesi, that once there were two moons in the sky. But one wandered too close to the sun and it cracked from the heat. Out of it poured a thousand thousand dragons and they drank the sun's f*re.

Irri : Moon is no egg. Moon is goddess... wife of sun. It is known.

Jhiqui : It is known.

Daenerys Targaryen : Leave me with her. Why did the trader from Garth tell you these stories ?

Doreah : Men like to talk when they're happy. Before your brother bought me for you, it was my job to make men happy.

Daenerys Targaryen : How old were you ?

Doreah : I was nine when my mother sold me to the pleasure house.

Daenerys Targaryen : Nine ?!

Doreah : I did not touch a man for three years, Khaleesi. First you must learn.

Daenerys Targaryen : Can you teach me how to make the Khal happy ?

Doreah : Yes.

Daenerys Targaryen : Will it take three years ?

Doreah : No.

Benjen Stark : Welcome.

Catelyn Stark : What I am about to tell you must remain between us. I don't think Bran fell from that tower. I think he was thrown.

Maester Luwin : The boy was always sure-footed before.

Catelyn Stark : Someone tried to k*ll him twice. Why ? Why m*rder an innocent child ? Unless he saw something he wasn't meant to see.

Theon Greyjoy : Saw what, my lady ?

Catelyn Stark : I don't know. But I would stake my life the Lannisters are involved. We already have reason to suspect their loyalty to the crown.

Rodrick Cassel : Did you notice the dagger the k*ller used ? It's too fine a w*apon for such a man. The blade is Valyrian steel, the handle dragonbone. Someone gave it to him.

Robb Stark : They come into our home and try to m*rder my brother ? If it's w*r they want...

Theon Greyjoy : If it comes to that, you know I'll stand behind you.

Maester Luwin : What, is there going to be a battle in the Godswood ? Too easily words of w*r become acts of w*r. We don't know the truth yet. Lord Stark must be told of this.

Catelyn Stark : I don't trust a raven to carry these words.

Robb Stark : I'll ride to King's Landing.

Catelyn Stark : No. There must always be a Stark in Winterfell. I will go myself.

Robb Stark : Mother, you can't.

Catelyn Stark : I must.

Rodrick Cassel : I'll send Hal with a squad of guardsmen to escort you.

Catelyn Stark : Too large a party attracts unwanted attention. I don't want the Lannisters to know I'm coming.

Rodrick Cassel : Let me accompany you at least. The Kingsroad can be a dangerous place for a woman alone.

Robb Stark : What about Bran ?

Catelyn Stark : I have prayed to the Seven for more than a month. Bran's life is in their hands now.

Doreah : No, Khaleesi. You must look in his eyes always. Love comes in at the eyes. It is said that Irogenia of Lys could finish a man with nothing but her eyes.

Daenerys Targaryen : Finish a man ?

Doreah : Kings traveled across the world for a night with Irogenia. Magisters sold their palaces. Khals b*rned her enemies just to have her for a few hours. They say a thousand men proposed to her and she refused them all.

Daenerys Targaryen : Well, she sounds like an interesting woman. I don't think that Drogo will like it with me on top.

Doreah : You will make him like it, Khaleesi. Men want what they've never had. And the Dothraki take slaves like a hound takes a bitch. Are you a sl*ve, Khaleesi ? Then don't make love like a sl*ve. Very good, Khaleesi. Out there he is the mighty Khal, but in this tent, he belongs to you.

Daenerys Targaryen : I don't think that this is the Dothraki way.

Doreah : If he wanted the Dothraki way, why did he marry you ?

Daenerys Targaryen : No. No. Tonight I would look upon your face.

Sansa Stark : Pardon me, Ser.

Sandor Clegane : Do I frighten you so much, girl ? Or is it him there making you shake ? He frightens me too. Look at that face.

Sansa Stark : I'm sorry if I offended you, Ser. Why won't he speak to me ?

Sandor Clegane : He hasn't been very talkative these last 20 years. Since the mad King had his tongue ripped out with hot pincers.

Joffrey Baratheon : He speaks damn well with his sword though. Ser Ilyn Payne, the King's justice. The royal executioner. What is it, sweet lady ? Does the hound frighten you ? Away with you, dog. You're scaring my lady. I don't like to see you upset. The sun is finally shining. Come walk with me.

Sansa Stark : Stay, Lady. I probably shouldn't have any more. Father only lets us have one cup at feasts.

Joffrey Baratheon : My princess can drink as much as she wants. Don't worry... You're safe with me.

Mycah : I'll get you !

Sansa Stark : Arya !

Arya Stark : What are you doing here ? Go away.

Joffrey Baratheon : Your sister ? And who are you, boy ?

Mycah : Mycah, my Lord.

Sansa Stark : He the butcher's boy.

Arya Stark : He's my friend.

Joffrey Baratheon : A butcher's boy who wants to be a Knight, eh ? Pick up your sword, butcher's boy. Let's see how good you are.

Mycah : She asked me to, my Lord. She asked me to.

Joffrey Baratheon : I'm your prince, not your lord, and I said pick up your sword.

Mycah : It's not a sword, my prince. It's only a stick.

Joffrey Baratheon : And you're not a Knight. Only a butcher's boy. That was my lady's sister you were hitting, do you know that ?

Arya Stark : Stop it !

Sansa Stark : Arya, stay out of this.

Joffrey Baratheon : I won't hurt him... Much. Filthy little bitch !

Sansa Stark : No no, stop it, stop it, both of you. You're spoiling it. You're spoiling everything !

Joffrey Baratheon : I'll gut you, you little c**t !

Sansa Stark : Arya !

Arya Stark : Nymeria !

Joffrey Baratheon : Please don't.

Sansa Stark : Arya, leave him alone. My prince, my poor prince, look what they did to you. Stay here, I'll go back to the inn and bring help.

Joffrey Baratheon : Then go ! Don't touch me.

Soldier 1 : The wolf's not here. Look down by the stream.

Arya Stark : You've got to go. They'll k*ll you for what you did to Joffrey. Go on... run. Go ! Leave now !

Soldier 2 : It's a direwolf.

Soldier 1 : I'll check down here.

Soldier 2 : I think I heard a noise.

Arya Stark : Go !

Jory Cassel : My lord ! My lord ! They found her. She's unharmed.

Eddard Stark : Where is she ?

Jory Cassel : She's been taken directly before the King.

Eddard Stark : Who took her ?

Jory Cassel : The Lannisters found her.

Eddard Stark : Right, get back.

Jory Cassel : The Queen ordered them to bring her straight to him.

Eddard Stark : Back ! Back to the inn. All back !

Arya Stark : I'm sorry.

Eddard Stark : Are you hurt ?

Arya Stark : No.

Eddard Stark : It's all right. What is the meaning of this ? Why was my daughter not brought to me at once ?

Cersei Baratheon : How dare you speak to your King in that manner ?

Robert Baratheon : Quiet, woman. Sorry, Ned. I never meant to frighten the girl. But we need to get this business done quickly.

Cersei Baratheon : Your girl and that butcher's boy att*cked my son. That animal of hers nearly tore his arm off.

Arya Stark : That's not true ! She just... Bit him a little. He was hurting Mycah.

Cersei Baratheon : Joff told us what happened. You and that boy b*at him with clubs while you set your wolf on him.

Arya Stark : That's not what happened !

Joffrey Baratheon : Yes it is ! They all att*cked me and she threw my sword in the river.

Arya Stark : Liar !

Joffrey Baratheon : Shut up !

Robert Baratheon : Enough ! He tells me one thing, she tells me another. Seven hells ! What am I to make of this ? Where's your other daughter, Ned ?

Eddard Stark : In bed asleep.

Cersei Baratheon : She's not. Sansa, come here, darling.

Robert Baratheon : Now, child... Tell me what happened. Tell it all and tell it true. It's a great crime to lie to a King.

Sansa Stark : I don't know. I don't remember. Everything happened so fast. I didn't see.

Arya Stark : Liar ! Liar liar liar !

Sansa Stark : Arya !

Eddard Stark : Stop it ! That's enough of that.

Arya Stark : Liar liar liar !

Eddard Stark : Stop ! Arya !

Cersei Baratheon : She's as wild as that animal of hers. I want her punished.

Robert Baratheon : What would you have me do, whip her through the streets ? Damn it, children fight. It's over.

Cersei Baratheon : Joffrey will bear these scars for the rest of his life.

Robert Baratheon : You let that little girl disarm you ? See to it that your daughter is disciplined. I'll do the same with my son.

Eddard Stark : Gladly, your Grace.

Cersei Baratheon : And what of the direwolf ? What of the beast that savaged your son ?

Robert Baratheon : I'd forgot the damned wolf.

Soldier : We found no trace of the direwolf, your Grace.

Robert Baratheon : So be it.

Cersei Baratheon : We have another wolf.

Robert Baratheon : As you will.

Eddard Stark : You can't mean it.

Robert Baratheon : A direwolf's no pet. Get her a dog. She'll be happier for it.

Sansa Stark : He doesn't mean Lady, does he ? No no, not Lady ! Lady didn't bite anyone ! She's good !

Arya Stark : Lady wasn't there ! You leave her alone !

Sansa Stark : Stop them. Don't let them do it. Please ! It wasn't Lady !

Eddard Stark : Is this your command... your Grace ?

Cersei Baratheon : Where is the beast ?

Soldier : Chained up outside, your Grace.

Cersei Baratheon : Ser Ilyn, do me the honor.

Eddard Stark : No. Jory... Take the girls to their rooms. If it must be done, then I'll do it myself.

Cersei Baratheon : Is this some trick ?

Eddard Stark : The wolf is of the north. She deserves better than a butcher. The butcher's boy... You rode him down ?

Sandor Clegane : He ran... Not very fast.

( Whines )

( Whimpers )

( Yelps )

( Theme music playing )

Still not far from Pentos, Your Grace. You'd be more comfortable there.

I have no interest in hospitality or comfort.

I'll stay with Drogo until he fulfills his end of the bargain and I have my crown.

I have something for you.

First lesson: Stick them with the pointy end.

17 years ago you rode off with Robert Baratheon.

And now you're leaving again.

I have no choice.

There's great honor serving in the Night's Watch.

The Starks have manned the Wall for thousands of years.

And you are a Stark.

Daenerys Targaryen has wed some Dothraki horselord.

What of it? Tell me we're not speaking of this.

I'll k*ll every Targaryen I get my hands on.

Rapers. Not impressed by your new brothers?

Lovely thing about the watch ...

You discard your old family and get a whole new one.

Welcome.

I don't think Bran fell from that tower. I think he was thrown. No!

Someone tried to k*ll him twice.

I would stake my life the Lannisters are involved.

Lord Stark must be told of this.

I will go myself.

What is the meaning of this?

Joff told us what happened.

You and that boy b*at him with clubs while you set your wolf on him.

That's not what happened!

Ahh!

We found no trace of the direwolf, Your Grace.

We have another wolf.

As you will.

He doesn't mean Lady, does he?

Lady didn't bite anyone! She's good!

King’s Landing Page : Welcome, Lord Stark. Grand Maester Pycelle has called a meeting of the Small Council. The honor of your presence is requested.

Eddard Stark : Get the girls settled in. I'll be back in time for supper. And, Jory, you go with them.

Jory Cassel : Yes, my Lord.

King’s Landing Page : If you'd like to change into something more appropriate...

Jaime Lannister : Thank the gods you're here, Stark. About time we had some stern northern leadership.

Eddard Stark : Glad to see you're protecting the throne.

Jaime Lannister : Sturdy old thing. How many kings' asses have polished it, I wonder ? What's the line ? The King shits and the Hand wipes.

Eddard Stark : Very handsome armor. Not a scratch on it.

Jaime Lannister : I know. People have been swinging at me for years, but they always seem to miss.

Eddard Stark : You've chosen your opponents wisely then.

Jaime Lannister : I have a knack for it. It must be strange for you coming into this room. I was standing right here when it happened. He was very brave, your brother. Your father too. They didn't deserve to die like that. Nobody deserves to die like that.

Eddard Stark : But you just stood there and watched.

Jaime Lannister : 500 men just stood there and watched. All the great knights of the Seven Kingdoms. You think anyone said a word, lifted a finger ? No, Lord Stark. 500 men and this room was silent as a crypt. Except for the screams, of course, and the Mad King laughing. And later... When I watched the Mad King die, I remembered him laughing as your father b*rned... It felt like justice.

Eddard Stark : Is that what you tell yourself at night ? You're a servant of justice ? That you were avenging my father when you shoved your sword in Aerys Targaryen's back ?

Jaime Lannister : Tell me... If I'd s*ab the Mad King in the belly instead of the back, would you admire me more ?

Eddard Stark : You served him well when serving was safe.

Varys : Lord Stark.

Eddard Stark : Lord Varys.

Varys : I was grievously sorry to hear of your troubles on the Kingsroad. We are all praying for Prince Joffrey's full recovery.

Eddard Stark : A shame you didn't say a prayer for the butcher's son. Renly ! You're looking well.

Renly Baratheon : And you look tired from the road. I told them this meeting could wait another day, but...

Petyr Baelish : But we have a Kingdom to look after. I've hoped to meet you for some time, Lord Stark. No doubt Lady Catelyn has mentioned me.

Eddard Stark : She has, Lord Baelish. I understand you knew my brother Brandon as well.

Petyr Baelish : All too well. I still carry a token of his esteem from navel to collarbone.

Eddard Stark : Perhaps you chose the wrong man to duel with.

Petyr Baelish : It wasn't the man that I chose, my Lord. It was Catelyn Tully. A woman worth fighting for, I'm sure you'll agree.

Grand Maester Pycelle : I humbly beg your pardon, my Lord Stark.

Eddard Stark : Grand Maester.

Grand Maester Pycelle : How many years has it been ? You were a young man.

Eddard Stark : And you served another King.

Grand Maester Pycelle : How forgetful of me. This belongs to you, now. Should we begin ?

Eddard Stark : Without the King ?

Renly Baratheon : Winter may be coming, but I'm afraid the same cannot be said for my brother.

Varys : His Grace has many cares. He entrusts some small matters to us that we might lighten the load.

Petyr Baelish : We are the lords of small matters here.

Renly Baratheon : My brother instructs us to stage a tournament in honor of Lord Stark's appointment as Hand of the King.

Petyr Baelish : Mmm, how much ?

Eddard Stark : 40 000 gold dragons to the champion, 20 000 to the runner-up, 20 000 to the winning archer.

Grand Maester Pycelle : Can the treasury bear such expense ?

Petyr Baelish : I'll have to borrow it. The Lannisters will accommodate, I expect. We already owe Lord Tywin 3 million gold. What's another 80 000 ?

Eddard Stark : Are you telling me the Crown is three million in debt ?

Petyr Baelish : I'm telling you the Crown is six million in debt.

Eddard Stark : How could you let this happen ?

Petyr Baelish : The Master of Coin finds the money. The King and the Hand spend it.

Eddard Stark : I will not believe Jon Arryn allowed Robert to bankrupt the realm.

Grand Maester Pycelle : Lord Arryn gave wise and prudent advice, but I fear His Grace doesn't always listen.

Renly Baratheon : "Counting coppers," he calls it.

Eddard Stark : I'll speak to him tomorrow. This tournament is an extravagance we cannot afford.

Petyr Baelish : As you will. But still, we'd best make our plans.

Eddard Stark : There will be no plans until I speak to Robert. Forgive me, my Lords. I had a long ride.

Varys : You are the King's Hand, Lord Stark, we serve at your pleasure.

Cersei Baratheon : Please, it's nearly healed.

Joffrey Baratheon : It's ugly.

Cersei Baratheon : A King should have scars, you fought off a direwolf. You're a warrior like your father.

Joffrey Baratheon : I'm not like him. I didn't fight off anything. It bit me and all I did was scream. And the two Stark girls saw it, both of them.

Cersei Baratheon : That's not true. You k*lled the beast. You only spared the girl because of the love your father bears her father. When Aerys Targaryen sat on the Iron Throne, your father was a rebel and a traitor. Someday you'll sit on the throne and the truth will be what you make it.

Joffrey Baratheon : Do I have to marry her ?

Cersei Baratheon : Yes. She's very beautiful and young. If you don't like her, you only need to see her on formal occasions and when the time comes, to make little princes and princesses. And if you'd rather f*ck painted whores, you'll f*ck painted whores. And if you'd rather lie with noble virgins, so be it. You are my darling boy and the world will be exactly as you want it to be. Do something nice for the Stark girl.

Joffrey Baratheon : I don't want to.

Cersei Baratheon : No, but you will. The occasional kindness will spare you all sorts of trouble down the road.

Joffrey Baratheon : We allow the northerners too much power. They consider themselves our equals.

Cersei Baratheon : How would you handle them ?

Joffrey Baratheon : I'd double their taxes and command them to supply 10 000 men to the royal army.

Cersei Baratheon : A royal army ?

Joffrey Baratheon : Why should every lord command his own men ? It's primitive, no better than the hill tribes. We should have a standing army of men loyal to the Crown, trained by experienced soldiers... Instead of a mob of peasants who've never held pikes in their lives.

Cersei Baratheon : And if the northerners rebel ?

Joffrey Baratheon : I'd crush them. Seize Winterfell and install someone loyal to the realm as Warden of the North. Uncle Kevan, maybe.

Cersei Baratheon : And these 10 000 northern troops, would they fight for you or their lord ?

Joffrey Baratheon : For me. I'm their King.

Cersei Baratheon : But you've just inv*de their homeland, asked them to k*ll their brothers.

Joffrey Baratheon : I'm not asking.

Cersei Baratheon : The North cannot be held... not by an outsider. It's too big and too wild. When the winter comes, the Seven gods together couldn't save you and your royal army. A good King knows when to save his strength... And when to destroy his enemies.

Joffrey Baratheon : So you agree... The Starks are enemies ?

Cersei Baratheon : Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.

Septa Mordane : Enough of that, young lady. Eat your food.

Arya Stark : I'm practicing.

Sansa Stark : Practicing for what ?

Arya Stark : The Prince.

Septa Mordane : Arya, stop !

Arya Stark : He's a liar and a coward and he k*lled my friend.

Sansa Stark : The Hound k*lled your friend.

Arya Stark : The Hound does whatever the Prince tells him to do.

Sansa Stark : You're an idiot.

Arya Stark : You're a liar. And if you told the truth, Mycah would be alive.

Septa Mordane : Enough !

Eddard Stark : What's happening here ?

Septa Mordane : Arya would rather act like a beast than a lady.

Eddard Stark : Go to your room. We'll speak later. That's for you, love. The same dollmaker makes all of Princess Myrcella's toys. Don't you like it ?

Sansa Stark : I haven't played with dolls since I was eight. May I be excused ?

Septa Mordane : You've barely eaten a thing.

Eddard Stark : It's all right. Go on. w*r was easier than daughters.

Arya Stark : Go away !

Eddard Stark : Arya, open the door. May I come in ? Whose sword is that ?

Arya Stark : Mine.

Eddard Stark : Give it to me. I know this maker's mark. This is Mikken's work. Where did you get this ? This is no toy. Little ladies shouldn't play with swords.

Arya Stark : I wasn't playing. And I don't want to be a lady.

Eddard Stark : Come here. Now what do you want with this ?

Arya Stark : It's called Needle.

Eddard Stark : A blade with a name. And who were you hoping to skewer with Needle ? Your sister ? Do you know the first thing about sword fighting ?

Arya Stark : Stick 'em with the pointy end.

Eddard Stark : That's the essence of it.

Arya Stark : I was trying to learn. I asked Mycah to practice with me. I asked him. It was my fault.

Eddard Stark : No, sweet girl. You didn't k*ll the butcher's boy.

Arya Stark : I hate them ! I hate all of them. The Hound, the Queen and the King and Joffrey and Sansa.

Eddard Stark : Sansa was dragged before the King and Queen... And asked to call the Prince a liar.

Arya Stark : So was I ! He is a liar.

Eddard Stark : Darling, listen to me. Sansa will be married to Joffrey someday. She cannot betray him. She must take his side even when he's wrong.

Arya Stark : But how you can let her marry someone like that ?

Eddard Stark : Look at me. You're a Stark of Winterfell. You know our words.

Arya Stark : Winter is coming.

Eddard Stark : You were born in the long summer. You've never known anything else. But now winter is truly coming. And in the winter, we must protect ourselves, look after one another. Sansa is your sister.

Arya Stark : I don't hate her. Not really.

Eddard Stark : I don't want to frighten you, but I won't lie to you either. We've come to a dangerous place. We cannot fight a w*r amongst ourselves. All right ? Go on. It's yours.

Arya Stark : I can keep it ?

Eddard Stark : Try not to s*ab your sister with it. If you're going to own a sword, you'd better know how to use it.

Old Nan : Don't listen to it. Crows are all liars. I know a story about a crow.

Bran Stark : I hate your stories.

Old Nan : I know a story about a boy who hated stories. I could tell you about Ser Duncan the Tall. Those were always your favorites.

Bran Stark : Those weren't my favorites. My favorites were the scary ones.

Old Nan : Oh, my sweet summer child. What do you know about fear ? Fear is for the winter, when the snows fall a hundred feet deep. Fear is for the long night, when the sun hides for years and children are born and live and die all in darkness. That is the time for fear, my little Lord, when the White Walkers move through the woods. Thousands of years ago there came a night that lasted a generation. Kings froze to death in their castles, same as the shepherds in their huts. And women smothered their babies rather than see them starve, and wept and felt the tears freeze on their cheeks. So is this the sort of story that you like ? In that darkness, the White Walkers came for the first time. They swept through cities and kingdoms, riding their d*ad horses, hunting with their packs of pale spiders big as hounds...

Robb Stark : What are you telling him now ?

Old Nan : Only what the little Lord wants to hear.

Robb Stark : Get your supper. I want some time with him. One time she told me the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant named Macomber.

Bran Stark : Maybe we do.

Robb Stark : How do you feel ? You still don't remember anything ? I've seen you climb a thousand times. In the wind, in the rain... A thousand times. You never fall.

Bran Stark : I did though. It's true, isn't it... what Maester Luwin says about my legs ? I'd rather be d*ad.

Robb Stark : Don't ever say that.

Bran Stark : I'd rather be d*ad.

Rodrick Cassel : Fewer eyes back here, my Lady. But still too many.

Catelyn Stark : It's nine years since I've set foot in the capital. And no one knew who I was the last time I came either.

Rodrick Cassel : My Lady.

Guard : Welcome to King's Landing, Lady Stark. Would you mind following us ?

Catelyn Stark : I would. We've done nothing wrong.

Guard : We've been instructed to escort you into the city.

Catelyn Stark : Instructed ? I don't know who's providing your instructions, but...

Guard : Follow me, Lady Stark.

Petyr Baelish : Cat ! Go on. Go upstairs.

Catelyn Stark : You little worm ! You take me for some back-alley Sally you can drag into a...

Petyr Baelish : I meant no disrespect to you of all people.

Catelyn Stark : How dare you bring me here ! Have you lost your mind ?

Petyr Baelish : No one will come looking for you here. Isn't that what like you wanted ? I'm truly sorry... about the locale.

Catelyn Stark : How did you know I was coming to King's Landing ?

Petyr Baelish : A dear friend told me.

Varys : Lady Stark.

Catelyn Stark : Lord Varys.

Varys : To see you again after so many years is a blessing. Your poor hands.

Catelyn Stark : How did you know I was coming ?

Varys : Knowledge is my trade, my Lady. Did you bring the dagger with you, by any chance ? My little birds are everywhere. Even in the north. They whisper to me the strangest stories. Valyrian steel.

Catelyn Stark : Do you know whose dagger this is ?

Varys : I must admit I do not.

Petyr Baelish : Well well, this is an historic day. Something you don't know that I do. There's only one dagger like this in all of the Seven Kingdoms. It's mine.

Catelyn Stark : Yours ?

Petyr Baelish : At least it was, until the tournament on Prince Joffrey's last nameday. I bet on Ser Jaime in the jousting, as any sane man would. When the Knight of the Flowers unseated him, I lost this dagger.

Catelyn Stark : To whom ?

Petyr Baelish : Tyrion Lannister. The Imp.

Alliser Thorne : Grenn, show him what you farm boys are made of. If that were a real sword, you'd be d*ad. Lord Snow here grew up in a castle spitting down on the likes of you. Pyp. Do you think Ned Stark's bastard bleeds like the rest of us ? Next ! Next ! Lord Snow, it appears you're the least useless person here. Go clean yourselves up. There's only so much I can stomach in a day.

Tyrion Lannister : A charming man.

Jeor Mormont : I don't need him to be charming. I need him to turn this bunch of thieves and runaways into men of the Night's Watch.

Tyrion Lannister : And how's that going, Commander Mormont ?

Jeor Mormont : Slowly. A raven came for Ned Stark's son.

Tyrion Lannister : Good news or bad ?

Jeor Mormont : Both.

Grand Maester Pycelle : Lord Stark. I meant to give you this earlier. So forgetful these days. A raven from Winterfell this morning.

Petyr Baelish : Good news ? Perhaps you'd like to share it with your wife ?

Eddard Stark : My wife is in Winterfell.

Petyr Baelish : Is she ?

Petyr Baelish : I thought that she'd be safest in here. One of several such establishments I own.

Eddard Stark : You're a funny man. A very funny man.

Catelyn Stark : Ned !

Petyr Baelish : The Starks... Quick tempers, slow minds.

Grenn : You broke my nose, bastard !

Jon Snow : It's an improvement.

Grenn : If we threw you over the Wall, wonder how long it'd take you to h*t.

Pyp : I wonder if they'd find you before the wolves did.

Grenn : What're you looking at, Half Man ?

Tyrion Lannister : I'm looking at you. You've got an interesting face. Very distinctive faces. All of you.

Rast : What do you care about our faces ?

Tyrion Lannister : It's just I think they would look marvellous decorating spikes in King's Landing. Perhaps I'll write my sister, the Queen, about it.

Grenn : We'll talk later, Lord Snow.

Jon Snow : Everybody knew what this place was and no one told me. No one but you. My father knew and left me to rot here at the Wall all the same.

Tyrion Lannister : Grenn's father left him too... Outside a farmhouse when he was three. Pyp was caught stealing a wheel of cheese. His little sister hadn't eaten in three days. He was given a choice: his right hand or the Wall. I've been asking the Lord Commander about them. Fascinating stories.

Jon Snow : They hate me because I'm better than they are.

Tyrion Lannister : It's a lucky thing none of them were trained by a master-at-arms like your Ser Rodrik. I don't imagine any of them have ever held a real sword before they came here. Your brother Bran. He's woken up.
Petyr Baelish : The mere suggestion that the Queen's brother tried to k*ll your boy would be considered treason.

Catelyn Stark : We have proof. We have the blade.

Petyr Baelish : Which Lord Tyrion will say was stolen from him. The only man who could say otherwise has no throat, thanks to your boy's wolf.

Catelyn Stark : Petyr has promised to help us find the truth. He's like a little brother to me. He would never betray my trust.

Petyr Baelish : I'll try to keep you alive, for her sake. A fool's task, admittedly, but I've never been able to refuse your wife anything.

Catelyn Stark : I won't forget this. You're a true friend.

Petyr Baelish : Don't tell anyone. I have a reputation to maintain.

Cersei Baratheon : How could you be so stupid ?

Jaime Lannister : Calm down.

Cersei Baratheon : He's a child... 10 years old. What were you thinking ?

Jaime Lannister : I was thinking of us. You're a bit late to start complaining about it now. What has the boy told them ?

Cersei Baratheon : Nothing. He's said nothing. He remembers nothing.

Jaime Lannister : Then what are you raving about ?

Cersei Baratheon : What if it comes back to him ? If he tells his father what he saw...

Jaime Lannister : We'll say he was lying. We'll say he was dreaming. We'll say whatever we like. I think we can outfox a 10-year-old.

Cersei Baratheon : And my husband ?

Jaime Lannister : I'll go to w*r with him if I have to. They can write a ballad about us : "The w*r for Cersei's c**t."

Cersei Baratheon : Let me go.

Jaime Lannister : Never.

Cersei Baratheon : Let me go.

Jaime Lannister : The boy won't talk. And if he does, I'll k*ll him. Him, Ned Stark, the King... the whole bloody lot of them, until you and I are the only people left in this world.

Catelyn Stark : I wish I could see the girls.

Eddard Stark : It's too dangerous.

Catelyn Stark : Just for a moment.

Eddard Stark : Until we know who our enemies are...

Catelyn Stark : I know they did it, Ned. The Lannisters. In my bones, I know it.

Eddard Stark : Littlefinger's right. I can't do anything without proof.

Cersei Baratheon : And if you find the proof ?

Eddard Stark : Then I bring it to Robert... And hope he's still the man I once knew. You watch yourself on the road, huh ? That temper of yours is a dangerous thing.

Catelyn Stark : My temper ? Gods be good, you nearly k*lled poor Littlefinger yesterday.

Eddard Stark : He still loves you.

Catelyn Stark : Does he ?

Eddard Stark : Off with you.

Robert Baratheon : It's been a long time. But I still remember every face. You remember your first ?

Barristan Selmy : Of course, your Grace.

Robert Baratheon : Who was it ?

Barristan Selmy : A Tyroshi. Never learned the name.

Robert Baratheon : How'd you do it ?

Barristan Selmy : Lance through the heart.

Robert Baratheon : Quick one. Lucky for you. Mine was some Tarly boy at the Battle of Summerhall. My horse took an arrow so I was on foot, slogging through the mud. He came running at me, this dumb high-born lad, thinking he could end the rebellion with the single swing of his sword. I knocked him down with the hammer. Gods, I was strong then. Caved in his breastplate. Probably shattered every rib he had. Stood over him, hammer in the air. Right before I brought it down he shouted, "Wait ! Wait." They never tell you how they all shit themselves. They don't put that part in the songs. Stupid boy. Now the Tarlys bend the knee like everyone else. He could have lingered on the edge of the battle with the smart boys and today his wife would be making him miserable, his sons would be ingrates, and he'd be waking three times in the night to piss into a bowl. Wine ! Lancel. Gods, what a stupid name. Lancel Lannister. Who named you ? Some halfwit with a stutter ? What are you doing ?

Lancel Lannister : It's empty, your Grace.

Robert Baratheon : What do you mean it's empty ?

Lancel Lannister : There's no more wine.

Robert Baratheon : Is that what empty means ? So get more. Tell your cousin to get in here. Kingslayer ! Get in here. Surrounded by Lannisters. Every time I close my eyes I see their blond hair and their smug, satisfied faces. It must wound your pride, huh ? Standing out there like a glorified sentry. Jaime Lannister, son of the mighty Tywin... Forced to mind the door while your King eats and drinks and shits and f*ck. So come on. We're telling w*r stories. Who was your first k*ll, not counting old men ?

Jaime Lannister : One of the outlaws in the Brotherhood.

Barristan Selmy : I was there that day. You were only a squire, 16 years old.

Jaime Lannister : You k*lled Simon Toyne with a counter riposte. Best move I ever saw.

Barristan Selmy : A good fighter, Toyne, but he lacked stamina.

Robert Baratheon : Your outlaw... Any last words ?

Jaime Lannister : I cut his head off, so no.

Robert Baratheon : What about Aerys Targaryen ? What did the Mad King say when you s*ab him in the back ? I never asked. Did he call you a traitor ? Did he plead for a reprieve ?

Jaime Lannister : He said the same thing he'd been saying for hours... "Burn them all." If that's all, your Grace...

Daenerys Targaryen : Do the Dothrakis buy their slaves ?

Jorah Mormont : The Dothraki don't believe in money. Most of their slaves were given to them as gifts.

Daenerys Targaryen : From whom ?

Jorah Mormont : If you rule a city and you see the horde approaching, you have two choices : pay tribute or fight. An easy choice for most. Of course, sometimes it's not enough. Sometimes a Khal feels insulted by the number of slaves he's given. He might think the men too weak or the women too ugly. Sometimes a Khal decides his riders haven't had a good fight in months and need the practice.

Daenerys Targaryen : Tell them all to stop.

Jorah Mormont : You want the entire horde to stop ? For how long ?

Daenerys Targaryen : Until I command them otherwise.

Jorah Mormont : You're learning to talk like a Queen.

Daenerys Targaryen : Not a Queen. A Khaleesi.

Viserys Targaryen : You dare ! You give commands to me ? To me ? You do not command the dragon. I am Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. I don't take orders from savages or their sluts. Do you hear me ?

Irri : Rakharo ask if you want him d*ad, Khaleesi.

Daenerys Targaryen : No !

Irri : Rakharo say you should take ear, to teach respect.

Daenerys Targaryen : Please please, don't hurt him. Tell him I don't want my brother harmed.

Viserys Targaryen : k*ll these Dothraki dogs ! I am your King !

Jorah Mormont : Shall we return to the Khalasar ?

Rakharo : You walk.

Benjen Stark : I wanted to be here when you saw it for the first time. I'm leaving this morning.

Jon Snow : You're leaving ?

Benjen Stark : I'm the First Ranger. My job is out there. There have been disturbing reports.

Jon Snow : What kind of reports ?

Benjen Stark : The kind I don't want to believe.

Jon Snow : I'm ready. I won't let you down.

Benjen Stark : You're not going. You're no ranger, Jon.

Jon Snow : But I'm better than every...

Benjen Stark : Better than no one ! Here... A man gets what he earns, when he earns it. We'll speak when I return.

Yoren : A bear's b*lls.

Tyrion Lannister : You're joking ?

Yoren : And his brains and his guts, his lungs and his heart all fried in his own fat. When you're a hundred miles north of the Wall and you ate your last meal a week ago, you leave nothing for the wolves.

Tyrion Lannister : And how do a bear's b*lls taste ?

Yoren : A bit chewy. And what about you, my Lord ? What's the strangest thing you've eaten ?

Tyrion Lannister : Do Dornish girls count ? So you roam the Seven Kingdoms, collaring pickpockets and horse thieves and bringing them here as eager recruits ?

Yoren : But it's not all of 'em's done bad things. Some of 'em's just poor lads looking for steady feed. Some of 'em's high-born lads looking for glory.

Tyrion Lannister : They have a better chance finding feed than glory.

Benjen Stark : The Night's Watch is a joke to you, is it ? Is that what we are, Lannister ? An army of jesters in black ?

Tyrion Lannister : You don't have enough men to be an army and aside from Yoren here, none of you are particularly funny.

Benjen Stark : I hope we've provided you with some good stories to tell when you're back in King's Landing. But something to think about while you're drinking your wine down there, enjoying your brothels... Half the boys you've seen training will die north of the Wall. Might be a wilding's axe that gets them, might be sickness, might just be the cold. They die in pain. And they do it so plump little lords like you can enjoy their summer afternoons in peace and comfort.

Tyrion Lannister : Do you think I'm plump ? Listen, Benjen... May I call you Benjen ?

Benjen Stark : Call me what you like.

Tyrion Lannister : I'm not sure what I've done to offend you. I have great admiration for the Night's Watch. I've great admiration for you as First Ranger.

Benjen Stark : You know, my brother once told me that nothing someone says before the word "but" really counts.

Tyrion Lannister : But... I don't believe that giants and ghouls and White Walkers are lurking beyond the Wall. I believe that the only difference between us and the wildlings is that when the Wall went up, our ancestors happened to live on the right side of it.

Benjen Stark : You're right. The wildlings are no different from us. A little rougher maybe. But they're made of meat and bone. I know how to track them and I know how to k*ll them. It's not the wildlings giving me sleepless nights. You've never been north of the Wall, so don't tell me what's out there.

Yoren : Are you going below ? Keep well, keep warm.

Benjen Stark : Enjoy the capital, brother.

Yoren : I always do.

Tyrion Lannister : I think he's starting to like me. "Going below" ?

Yoren : Into the tunnel and out the other side. He'll be north of the Wall for a month or two.

Tyrion Lannister : So you're heading down to King's Landing too.

Yoren : Day after tomorrow. I get about half of my recruits from their dungeons.

Tyrion Lannister : Let's share the road. I could use some decent company.

Yoren : I travel a bit on the grubby side, my Lord.

Tyrion Lannister : Not this time. We'll be staying at the finest castles and inns. No one turns away a Lannister.

Irri : Yes, Khaleesi.

Daenerys Targaryen : What are you doing ?

Irri : When was last time you bleed, Khaleesi ? You change, Khaleesi. It’s a blessing from the Great Stallion.

Jorah Mormont : For a man on horseback, the curved blade is a good thing, easier to handle. It's a good w*apon for a Dothrakan. But a man in full plate... the arakh won't get through the steel. That's where the broadsword has the advantage. Designed for piercing plate.

Rakharo : Dothraki don’t wear steel dresses.

Jorah Mormont : Armor.

Rakharo : Armor. Armor make a man... Vroz ?

Jorah Mormont : Slow.

Rakharo : Slow.

Jorah Mormont : It's true, but it also keeps a man alive.

Rakharo : My father taught me how to fight. He taught me that speed defeats size.

Jorah Mormont : I’ve heard that your father was a famous warrior.

Rakharo : He was bloodrider to Khal Bharbo. And your father, Jorah the Andal ? He was a warrior also ?

Jorah Mormont : He still is. A man of great honor. And I betrayed him.

Irri : The Khaleesi wants to eat something different tonight. k*ll some rabbits.

Rakharo : There are no rabbits.

Irri : Find some ducks, she likes ducks.

Rakharo : Have you seen any ducks, woman ? No rabbits, no ducks. Do you have eyes in your head ? Do you ?

Irri : Dog then. I have seen many dogs.

Jorah Mormont : I don't think she wants to eat dog.

Irri : The Khaleesi have baby inside her. It is true. She does not bleed for two moons. Her belly start to swell.

Rakharo : A blessing from the Great Stallion.

Irri : She does not want to eat horse.

Jorah Mormont : I'll have the boys butcher a goat for supper. I need to ride to Qohor.

Rhakaro : We ride for Vaes Dothrak.

Jorah Mormont : Don't worry. I'll catch you. The horde's easy to find.

Jon Snow : Don't stand so still. It's harder to h*t a moving target. Except for you. You move too much. I could just hold my sword out and let you do the work for me.

Maester Aemon : How many winters have you seen, Lord Tyrion ?

Tyrion Lannister : Eight... no, nine.

Maester Aemon : All of them brief ?

Tyrion Lannister : They say the winter of my birth was three years long, Maester Aemon.

Maester Aemon : This summer has lasted nine. But reports from the Citadel tell us the days grow shorter. The Starks are always right eventually : winter is coming. This one will be long and dark things will come with it.

Jeor Mormont : We've been capturing wildlings, more every month. They're fleeing south. The ones who flee... say they've seen the White Walkers.

Tyrion Lannister : Yes, and the fishermen of Lannisport say they see mermaids.

Jeor Mormont : One of our own rangers swore he saw them k*ll his companions. He swore it right up to the moment Ned Stark chopped his head off.

Maester Aemon : The Night's Watch is the only thing standing between the realm and what lies beyond. And it has become an army of undisciplined boys and tired old men. There are less than a thousand of us now. We can't man the other castles on the Wall. We can't properly patrol the wilderness. We've barely enough resources to keep our lads armed and fed.

Jeor Mormont : Your sister sits by the side the King. Tell her we need help.

Maester Aemon : When winter does come, gods help us all if we're not ready.

Daenerys Targaryen : It’s a boy.

Khal Drogo : How do you know ?

Daenerys Targaryen : I know.

Jon Snow : I'm sorry to see you leave, Lannister.

Tyrion Lannister : It's either me or this cold. And it doesn't appear to be going anywhere.

Jon Snow : Will you stop at Winterfell on your way South ?

Tyrion Lannister : I expect I will. Gods know there aren't many feather beds between here and King's Landing.

Jon Snow : If you see my brother Bran, tell him I miss him. Tell him I'd visit if I could.

Tyrion Lannister : Of course.

Jon Snow : He'll never walk again.

Tyrion Lannister : If you're going to be a cr*pple, it's better to be a rich cr*pple. Take care, Snow.

Jon Snow : Farewell, My Lord.

Syrio Forel : You are late, boy. Tomorrow you will be here at midday.

Arya Stark : Who are you ?

Syrio Forel : Your dancing master, Syrio Forel. Tomorrow you will catch it. Now pick it up. That is not the way, boy. This is not a great sword that is needing two hands to swing it.

Arya Stark : It's too heavy.

Syrio Forel : It is heavy as it needs to be to make you strong. Just so. One hand is all that is needed. Now you are standing all wrong. Turn your body sideface. So. You are skinny. That is good. The target is smaller. Now the grip... Let me see. The grip must be delicate.

Arya Stark : What if I drop it ?

Syrio Forel : The steel must be part of your arm. Can you drop part of your arm ? No. Nine years Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos. He knows these things. You must listen to me, boy.

Arya Stark : I'm a girl.

Syrio Forel : Boy, girl... You are a sword, that is all. That is the grip. You are not holding a battle-axe. You are holding...

Arya Stark : A needle.

Syrio Forel : Just so. Now we will begin the dance. Remember, child, this is not the dance of the Westeros we are learning... The knight's dance, hacking and hammering. This is the Bravo's dance... The water dance. It is swift and sudden. All men are made of water, do you know this ? If you pierce them, the water leaks out and they die. Now you will try to strike me. Up ! d*ad. d*ad. Very d*ad. Come. Again, faster.

Tell them all to stop.

For how long?

Until I command them otherwise.

You're learning to talk like a Queen.

Not a Queen. A Khaleesi.

Lord Snow here grew up in a castle spitting down on the likes of you.

Everybody knew what this place was, but no one told me ... no one but you.

The Khaleesi have baby inside her.

It is true. Her belly start to swell.

I need to ride to Qohor.

What did Aaerys Targaryen say when you s*ab him in the back?

He said the same thing he'd been saying for hours ... "burn them all."

My brother instructs us to stage a tournament in honor of Lord Stark's appointment as Hand of the King.

This tournament is an extravagance we cannot afford.

I'm leaving this morning. My job is out there.

I won't let you down.

You're not going.

Here, a man gets what he earns when he earns it.

I don't take orders from savages or their sluts.

I don't want my brother harmed.

Mormont, k*ll these Dothraki dogs!

We've come to a dangerous place. We must protect ourselves.

Ah!

We allow the Northerners too much power.

A good King knows when to save his strength and when to destroy his enemies.

So you agree... The Starks are enemies?

Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.

Do you know whose dagger this is?

Littlefinger: I do.

Tyrion Lannister's...

The imp.

♪ Game of Thrones 1x04 ♪
Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things
Original Air Date on May 8, 2011

Old Nan: The little Lord's been dreaming again.

Theon Greyjoy: We have visitors.

Bran Stark: I don't want to see anyone.

Theon Greyjoy: Really? If I was cooped up all day with no one but this old bat for company, I'd go mad. Anyway, you don't have a choice. Robb's waiting.

Bran Stark: I don't want to go.

Theon Greyjoy: Neither do I. But Robb's Lord of Winterfell, which means I do what he says and you do what I say. Hodor! Help Bran down the hall.

Tyrion Lannister: I must say I received a slightly warmer welcome on my last visit.

Robb Stark: Any man of the Night's Watch is welcome at Winterfell.

Tyrion Lannister: Any man of the Night's Watch, but not I, eh, boy?

Robb Stark: I'm not your boy, Lannister. I'm Lord of Winterfell while my father is away.

Tyrion Lannister: Then you might learn a lord's courtesy. So it's true. Hello Bran. Do you remember anything about what happened?

Maester Luwin: He has no memory of that day.

Tyrion Lannister: Curious.

Robb Stark: Why are you here?

Tyrion Lannister: Would your charming companion be so kind as to kneel? My neck is beginning to hurt.

Bran Stark: Kneel, Hodor.

Tyrion Lannister: Do you like to ride, Bran?

Bran Stark: Yes. Well, I mean I did like to.

Maester Luwin: The boy has lost the use of his legs.

Tyrion Lannister: What of it? With the right horse and saddle, even a cr*pple can ride.

Bran Stark: I'm not a cr*pple.

Tyrion Lannister: Then I'm not a dwarf. My father will rejoice to hear it. I have a gift for you. Give that to your saddler. He'll provide the rest. You must shape the horse to the rider. Start with a yearling and teach it to respond to the reins and to the boy's voice.

Bran Stark: Will I really be able to ride?

Tyrion Lannister: You will. On horseback you will be as tall as any of them.

Robb Stark: Is this some kind of trick? Why do you want to help him?

Tyrion Lannister: I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things.

Robb Stark: You've done my brother a kindness. The hospitality of Winterfell is yours.

Tyrion Lannister: Spare me your false courtesies, Lord Stark. There's a brothel outside your walls. There I'll find a bed and both of us can sleep easier.

Theon Greyjoy: Couldn't resist some northern ass? If you like redheads, ask for Ros.

Tyrion Lannister: Come to see me off, Greyjoy? Kind of you. Your master doesn't seem to like Lannisters.

Theon Greyjoy: He's not my master.

Tyrion Lannister: No, of course not. What happened here? Where is lady Stark? Why didn't she receive me?

Theon Greyjoy: She wasn't feeling well.

Tyrion Lannister: She's not in Winterfell, is she? Where did she go?

Theon Greyjoy: My lady's whereabouts...

Tyrion Lannister: My lady? Your loyalty to your captors is touching. Tell me, how do you think Balon Greyjoy would feel if he could see his only surviving son has turned lackey? I still remember seeing my father's fleet burn in Lannisport. I believe your uncles were responsible?

Theon Greyjoy: Must have been a pretty sight.

Tyrion Lannister: Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive. Yes, a great victory for your people. Shame how it all turned out.

Theon Greyjoy: We were outnumbered 10 to one.

Tyrion Lannister: A stupid rebellion then. I suppose your father realized that when your brothers d*ed in battle. Now here you are, your enemy's squire.

Theon Greyjoy: Careful, Imp.

Tyrion Lannister: I've offended you. Forgive me, it's been a rough morning. Anyway, don't despair. I'm a constant disappointment to my own father and I've learned to live with it. Your next tumble with Ros is on me. I'll try not to wear her out.

Jon Snow: Leg, shoulder, leg. Left foot forward. Good. Now pivot as you deliver the stroke. Put all your weight behind it.

Grenn: What in seven hells is that?

Pyp: They'll need an eighth hell to fit him in.

Alliser Thorne: Tell them your name.

Samwell Tarly: Samwell Tarly, of Horn Hill. I mean, I was of Horn Hill. I've come to take the black.

Rast: Come to take the black pudding.

Alliser Thorne: Well, you couldn't be any worse than you look. See what he can do.

Samwell Tarly: I yield. Please, no more.

Alliser Thorne: On your feet. Pick up your sword. h*t him till he finds his feet. It seems they've run short of poachers and thieves down south. Now they send us squealing bloody pigs. Again, harder.

Jon Snow: Enough! He yielded.

Alliser Thorne: Looks like the bastard's in love. All right then, lord Snow, you wish to defend your lady love, let's make it an exercise. You two. Three of you ought to be sufficient to make lady piggy squeal. All you've got to do is get past the bastard.

Jon Snow: Are you sure you want to do this?

Grenn: No. Yield yield yield! I yield.

Alliser Thorne: We're done for today. Go clean the armory. That's all you're good for.

Pyp: Well fought!

Grenn: Piss off.

Samwell Tarly: Did he hurt you?

Jon Snow: I've had worse.

Samwell Tarly: You can call me Sam... If you want. My mother calls me Sam.

Jon Snow: It's not going to get any easier, you know? You'll have to defend yourself.

Grenn: Why didn't you get up and fight?

Samwell Tarly: I wanted to. I just couldn't.

Grenn: Why not?

Samwell Tarly: I'm a coward. My father always says so.

Jon Snow: The Wall's no place for cowards.

Samwell Tarly: You're right. I'm sorry. I just... Wanted to thank you.

Grenn: A bloody coward. People saw us talking to him. Now they'll think we're cowards too.

Pyp: You're too stupid to be a coward.

Grenn: You're too stupid to be a...

Pyp: Quick now, before summer's over.

Grenn: Come on here!

Jorah Mormont: Vaes Dothrak. The city of the horselords.

Viserys Targaryen: A pile of mud. Mud and shit and twigs - best these savages can do.

Daenerys Targaryen: These are my people now. You shouldn't call them savages.

Viserys Targaryen: I'll call them what I like, because they're my people. This is my army. Khal Drogo is marching the wrong way with my army.

Daenerys Targaryen: If my brother was given an army of Dothraki, could you conquer the Seven Kingdoms?

Jorah Mormont: The Dothraki have never crossed the Narrow Sea. They fear any water their horses can't drink.

Daenerys Targaryen: But if they did?

Jorah Mormont: King Robert is fool enough to meet them in open battle, but the men advising him are different.

Daenerys Targaryen: And you know these men?

Jorah Mormont: I fought beside them once, long ago. Now Ned Stark wants my head. He drove me from my land.

Daenerys Targaryen: You sold slaves. Why?

Jorah Mormont: I had no money and an expensive wife.

Daenerys Targaryen: And where is she now?

Jorah Mormont: In another place, with another man.

Doreah: Your Grace?

Viserys Targaryen: Yes, my dear?

Doreah: They call you the last dragon...

Viserys Targaryen: They do.

Doreah: You have dragon's blood in your veins?

Viserys Targaryen: It's entirely possible.

Doreah: What happened to the dragons? I was told that brave men k*lled them all.

Viserys Targaryen: The brave men didn't k*ll dragons. The brave men rode them. Rode them from Valyria to build the greatest civilization this world has ever seen. The breath of the greatest dragon forged the Iron Throne, which the Usurper is keeping warm for me. The swords of the vanquished, a thousand of them... melted together like so many candles.

Doreah: I have always wanted to see a dragon. There is nothing in the world that I would rather see.

Viserys Targaryen: Really? Why dragons?

Doreah: They can fly. And wherever they are, just a few flaps of their wings and they're somewhere else... Far away. And they can k*ll. Anyone or anything that tries to hurt them gets b*rned away to nothing... melted... like so many candles. Seeing a dragon would make me very happy.

Viserys Targaryen: Well, after 15 years in a pleasure house, I imagine just seeing the sky makes you happy.

Doreah: I was not locked in. I have seen things.

Viserys Targaryen: What have you seen?

Doreah: I've seen... A man from Asshai with a dagger of real dragonglass. I've seen a man who could change his face the way that other men change their clothes. And I've seen a pirate who wore his weight in gold and whose ship had sails of colored silk. So... Have you seen one?

Viserys Targaryen: A pirate ship?

Doreah: A dragon.

Viserys Targaryen: No, the last one d*ed many years before I was born. I'll tell you what I have seen: their skulls. They used to decorate the throne room in the Red Keep. When I was very young, just 3 or 4, my father used to walk me down the rows and I'd recite their names for him. When I got them all right, he'd give me a sweet. The ones closest to the door were the last ones they were able to hatch and they were all stunted and wrong. Skulls no bigger than dog skulls. But as you got closer to the Iron Throne... They got bigger and bigger and bigger. There was Ghiscar and Valryon, Vermithrax, Essovius, Archonel, Meraxes, Vhagar... And Balerion the Dread... whose f*re forged the Seven Kingdoms into one.

Doreah: What happened to the skulls?

Viserys Targaryen: I don't know. The Usurper had them smashed to powder, I expect. Scattered to the wind.

Doreah: That's very sad.

Viserys Targaryen: Yes, it is. What did I buy you for? To make me sad?

Doreah: No, your Grace. To teach your sister.

Viserys Targaryen: To teach my sister how to be a better lover? You think I bought you to make Khal Drogo happy? You pretty little idiot. Go on then. Get on with it.

Septa Mordane: Someday your husband will sit there and you will sit by his side. And one day, before too long, you will present your son to the court. All the lords of Westeros will gather here to see the little prince...

Sansa Stark: What if I have a girl?

Septa Mordane: Gods be good, you'll have boys and girls and plenty of them.

Sansa Stark: What if I only have girls?

Septa Mordane: I wouldn't worry about that.

Sansa Stark: Jeyne Poole's mother had five children, all of them girls.

Septa Mordane: Yes, but it's highly unlikely.

Sansa Stark: But what if?

Septa Mordane: If you only had girls, I suppose the throne would pass to Prince Joffrey's little brother.

Sansa Stark: And everyone would hate me.

Septa Mordane: Nobody could ever hate you.

Sansa Stark: Joffrey does.

Septa Mordane: Nonsense. Why would you say such a thing? That business with the wolves? I've told you a hundred times... A direwolf is not...

Sansa Stark: Please shut up about it.

Septa Mordane: Do you remember your lessons? Who built the Iron Throne?

Sansa Stark: Aegon the Conqueror.

Septa Mordane: And who built the Red Keep?

Sansa Stark: Maegor the Cruel.

Septa Mordane: And how many years did it take to build...

Sansa Stark: My grandfather and uncle were m*rder here, weren't they?

Septa Mordane: They were k*lled on the orders of King Aerys, yes.

Sansa Stark: The Mad King.

Septa Mordane: Commonly known as the Mad King.

Sansa Stark: Why were they k*lled?

Septa Mordane: You should be speak to your father about these matters.

Sansa Stark: I don't want to speak to my father, ever.

Septa Mordane: You will find it in your heart to forgive your father.

Sansa Stark: No, I won't.

Janos Slynt: It's the Hand's tournament that's causing all this trouble, my Lords.

Eddard Stark: The King's tournament. I assure you the Hand wants no part of it.

Janos Slynt: Call it what you will, Lord Stark Ser, the city is packed with people and more flooding in every day. Last night we had a tavern riot, a brothel f*re, three s*ab and a drunken horse race down the Street of Sisters.

Varys: Dreadful.

Renly Baratheon: If you can't keep the King's peace, perhaps the City Watch should be commanded by someone who can.

Janos Slynt: I need more men.

Eddard Stark: You'll get 50. Lord Baelish will see it paid for.

Petyr Baelish: I will?

Eddard Stark: You found money for a champion's purse, you can find money to keep the peace. I'll also give you 20 of my household guards till the crowds have left.

Janos Slynt: Thank you, my Lord Hand Ser. They will be put to good use.

Eddard Stark: The sooner this is over, the better.

Varys: The realm prospers from such events, my Lord. They give the great a chance at glory, and the lowly a respite from their woes.

Petyr Baelish: And every inn in the city is full and the whores are walking bow-legged.

Eddard Stark: I'm sure the tourney puts coins in many a pocket. Now... If there's nothing else, my Lords?

Grand Maester Pycelle: This heat. On days like this, I envy you northerners your summer snows. Until tomorrow my Lord.

Eddard Stark: I've been hoping to talk to you about Jon Arryn.

Grand Maester Pycelle: Lord Arryn? His death was a great sadness to all of us. I took personal charge of his care, but I could not save him. His sickness struck him very hard and very fast. I saw him in my chambers just the night before he passed. Lord Jon often came to me for counsel.

Eddard Stark: Why?

Grand Maester Pycelle: I have been Grand Maester for many years. Kings and Hands have come to me for advice since...

Eddard Stark: What did Jon want the night before he d*ed?

Grand Maester Pycelle: He came inquiring after a book.

Eddard Stark: A book? What book?

Grand Maester Pycelle: I fear it would be of little interest to you, my Lord. A ponderous tome.

Eddard Stark: I'd like to read it.

Grand Maester Pycelle: "The lineages and histories of the great houses of the Seven Kingdoms, with descriptions of many high lords and noble ladies and their children."

Eddard Stark: "Harkon Umber, first of his name, born to lord Hother Umber and lady Amaryllis Umber in the 183rd year after Aegon's landing, at the last hearth. Blue of eye, brown of hair and fair complected, d*ed in his 14th year of a wound sustained in a bear hunt."

Grand Maester Pycelle: As I said, my Lord, a ponderous read.

Eddard Stark: Did Jon Arryn tell you what he wanted with it?

Grand Maester Pycelle: He did not, my Lord. And I did not presume to ask.

Eddard Stark: Jon's death...

Grand Maester Pycelle: Such a tragedy.

Eddard Stark: Did he say anything to you during his final hours?

Grand Maester Pycelle: Nothing of import, my Lord. There was one phrase he kept repeating: "The seed is strong," I think it was.

Eddard Stark: "The seed is strong"? What does that mean?

Grand Maester Pycelle: The dying mind is a demented mind, Lord Stark. For all the weight they're given, last words are usually as significant as first words.

Eddard Stark: And you're quite certain he d*ed of a natural illness?

Grand Maester Pycelle: What else could it be?

Eddard Stark: Poison.

Grand Maester Pycelle: A disturbing thought. I don't think it likely. The Hand was loved by all. What sort of man would dare...

Eddard Stark: I've heard it said that poison is a woman's w*apon.

Grand Maester Pycelle: Yes. Women, cravens... and eunuchs. Did you know that lord Varys is a eunuch?

Eddard Stark: Everybody knows that.

Grand Maester Pycelle: Of course. How that sort of person found himself on the King's Council, I will never know.

Eddard Stark: I've taken enough of your time.

Grand Maester Pycelle: No trouble at all, my Lord. It's a great honor...

Eddard Stark: Thank you. I'll find my own way out.

Arya Stark: Syrio says a water dancer can stand on one toe for hours.

Eddard Stark: It's a hard fall down these steps.

Arya Stark: Syrio says every hurt is a lesson and every lesson makes you better. Tomorrow I'm going to be chasing cats.

Eddard Stark: Cats? Syrio says…

Arya Stark: He says every swordsman should study cats. They're quiet as shadows and as light as feathers. You have to be quick to catch them.

Eddard Stark: He's right about that.

Arya Stark: Now that Bran's awake will he come live with us?

Eddard Stark: He needs to get his strength back first.

Arya Stark: He wants to be a knight of the King’s Guard. He can't be one now, can he?

Eddard Stark: No. But someday he could be Lord of a holdfast or sit on the King's Council. Or he might raise castles like Brandon the Builder.

Arya Stark: Can I be Lord of a holdfast?

Eddard Stark: You will marry a high Lord and rule his castle. And your sons shall be knights and princes and lords.

Arya Stark: No. That's not me.

Samwell Tarly: Hello. Ser Alliser said I'm to be your new watch partner. I should warn you, I don't see all that well.

Jon Snow: Come stand by the f*re. It's warmer.

Samwell Tarly: No, that's all right. I'm fine.

Jon Snow: You're not. You're freezing.

Samwell Tarly: I don't like high places.

Jon Snow: You can't fight. You can't see. You're afraid of heights and almost everything else probably. What are you doing here, Sam?

Samwell Tarly: On the morning of my 18th nameday, my father came to me. "You're almost a man now," he said, "but you're not worthy of my land and title. Tomorrow, you're going to take the black, forsake all claim to your inheritance and start north. If you do not," he said, "then we'll have a hunt and somewhere in these woods your horse will stumble and you'll be thrown from your saddle to die. Or so I'll tell your mother. Nothing would please me more." Ser Alliser's going to make me fight again tomorrow, isn't he?

Jon Snow: Yes, he is.

Samwell Tarly: I'm not going to get any better, you know?

Jon Snow: Well… You can't get any worse.
Petyr Baelish: I hear you're reading a boring book.

Eddard Stark: Pycelle talks too much.

Petyr Baelish: He never stops. Do you know Ser Hugh of the Vale? Not surprising. Until recently, he was only a squire... Jon Arryn's squire. He was knighted almost immediately after his master's untimely death.

Eddard Stark: Knighted for what? Why are you telling me this?

Petyr Baelish: I promised Cat that I'd help you.

Eddard Stark: Where is Ser Hugh? I'll speak to him.

Petyr Baelish: A singularly bad idea. Do you see that boy there? One of Varys's little birds. The Spider has taken a great interest in your comings and goings. Now look there. That one belongs to the Queen. And do you see that Septa pretending to read her book?

Eddard Stark: Varys or the Queen?

Petyr Baelish: No. She's one of mine. Is there someone in your service whom you trust completely?

Eddard Stark: Yes.

Petyr Baelish: The wiser answer was no, my Lord. Get a message to this paragon of yours... Discreetly. Send him to question Ser Hugh. After that, you might want him to visit a certain armorer in the city. He lives in a large house at the top of the street of Steel.

Eddard Stark: Why?

Petyr Baelish: I have my observers, as I said, and it's possible that they saw Lord Arryn visit this armorer several times in the weeks before his death.

Eddard Stark: Lord Baelish, perhaps I was wrong to distrust you.

Petyr Baelish: Distrusting me was the wisest thing you've done since you climbed off your horse.

Jory Cassel: Ser Hugh? Ser Hugh!

Hugh of the Vale: As you can see, I'm busy.

Jory Cassel: I'm here on behalf of Lord Eddard Stark, the Hand of the king. I'm the captain of his guard.

Hugh of the Vale: I'm sorry. I didn't catch your name, Ser...

Jory Cassel: No "ser." I'm not a knight.

Hugh of the Vale: I see. Well, it just so happens that I am.

Jory Cassel: He said he'd be glad to talk to the Hand himself. He's a knight, you see.

Eddard Stark: A knight. They strut around like roosters down here. Even the ones who've never seen an arrow coming their way.

Jory Cassel: You shouldn't be out here, my Lord. There's no telling who has eyes where.

Eddard Stark: Let them look.

Tobho Mott: The former Hand did call on me, my Lord, several times. I regret to say he did not honor me with his patronage.

Eddard Stark: What did Lord Arryn want?

Tobho Mott: He always came to see the boy.

Eddard Stark: I'd like to see him as well.

Tobho Mott: As you wish, my Lord. Gendry! Here he is. Strong for his age. He works hard. Show the Hand the helmet you made, lad.

Eddard Stark: This is fine work.

Gendry: It's not for sale.

Tobho Mott: Boy, this is the King's Hand! If his lordship wants the helmet...

Gendry: I made it for me.

Tobho Mott: Forgive him, my Lord.

Eddard Stark: There's nothing to forgive. When Lord Arryn came to visit you, what would you talk about?

Gendry: He just asked me questions is all, my Lord.

Eddard Stark: What kind of questions?

Gendry: About my work at first, if I was being treated well, if I liked it here. But then he started asking me about my mother.

Eddard Stark: Your mother?

Gendry: Who she was, what she looked like.

Eddard Stark: What did you tell him?

Gendry: She d*ed when I was little. She had yellow hair. She'd sing to me sometimes.

Eddard Stark: Look at me. Get back to work, lad. If the day ever comes when that boy'd rather wield a sword than forge one, you send him to me.

Jory Cassel: Find anything?

Eddard Stark: King Robert's bastard son.

Jory Cassel: This is for the King from Lord Stark.

Jaime Lannister: Listen. Do you hear them? How many do you think are in there with him? Guess.

Jory Cassel: Three? Four?

Jaime Lannister: He likes to do this when I'm on duty... He makes me listen as he insults my sister.

Jory Cassel: Forgive me, my Lord...

Jaime Lannister: Why do I have to forgive you? Have you wronged me?

Jory Cassel: We've met before, you know.

Jaime Lannister: Have we? Strange, I've forgotten.

Jory Cassel: The siege of Pyke. We fought side by side one afternoon.

Jaime Lannister: That's where you got your scar?

Jory Cassel: Aye. One of the Greyjoys nearly took my eye.

Jaime Lannister: Vicious sons of whores.

Jory Cassel: They like their bloodshed.

Jaime Lannister: They stopped liking it at the end. That was a proper battle. D'you remember Thoros of Myr charging through the breach?

Jory Cassel: With his burning sword? I'll remember that till the day I die.

Jaime Lannister: I saw the youngest of the Greyjoy lads at Winterfell. It was like seeing a shark on a mountaintop.

Jory Cassel: Theon? He's a good lad.

Jaime Lannister: I doubt it.

Robert Baratheon: I'll bet you smell of blackberry jam! Let me smell it. Come here.

Jory Cassel: Can I leave this with you? The message from Lord Stark.

Jaime Lannister: I don't serve Lord Stark.

Grenn: Where have you been?

Jon Snow: Watch duty. With Sam.

Pyp: Prince Porkchop. Where is he?

Jon Snow: He wasn't hungry.

Pyp: Impossible!

Jon Snow: That's enough. Sam's no different from the rest of us. There was no place for him in the world, so he's come here. We're not going to hurt him in the training yard anymore. Never again, no matter what Thorne says. He's our brother now and we're going to protect him.

Rast: You are in love, Lord Snow. You girls can do as you please. But if Thorne puts me up against Lady Piggy, I'm gonna slice me off a side of bacon.

Jon Snow: No one touches Sam.

Alliser Thorne: What are you waiting for? att*ck him! You, get in there.

Grenn: h*t me. Go on, h*t me! I yield! Yield yield. I yield.

Alliser Thorne: You think this is funny, do you? When you're out there beyond the Wall with the sun going down, do you want a man at your back? Or a sniveling boy?

Viserys Targaryen: You send this whore to give me commands? I should have sent you back her head!

Doreah: Forgive me, Khaleesi. I did as you asked.

Daenerys Targaryen: Hush now. It's all right. Irri, take her and leave us.

Irri: Yes, Khaleesi.

Daenerys Targaryen: Why did you h*t her?!

Viserys Targaryen: How many times do I have to tell you? You do not command me.

Daenerys Targaryen: I wasn't commanding you. I just wanted to invite you to supper.

Viserys Targaryen: What's this?

Daenerys Targaryen: It's a gift. I had it made for you.

Viserys Targaryen: Dothraki rags? Are you going to dress me now?

Daenerys Targaryen: Please.

Viserys Targaryen: This stinks of manure. All of it.

Daenerys Targaryen: Stop - stop it.

Viserys Targaryen: You would turn me into one of them, wouldn't you? Next you'll want to braid my hair.

Daenerys Targaryen: You've no right to a braid. You've won no victories yet.

Viserys Targaryen: You do not talk back to me! You are a horselord's slut. And now you've woken the dragon...

Daenerys Targaryen: I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki! I am the wife of the great Khal and I carry his son inside me. The next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands.

Samwell Tarly: I know for a fact that some of the officers go to that brothel in Mole's Town.

Jon Snow: I wouldn't doubt it.

Samwell Tarly: Don't you think it's a little bit unfair? Making us take our vows while they sneak off for a little sally on the side?

Jon Snow: Sally on the side?

Samwell Tarly: It's silly, isn't it? What, we can't defend the Wall unless we're celibate? It's absurd.

Jon Snow: I didn't think you'd be so upset about it.

Samwell Tarly: Why not? Because I'm fat? But I like girls just as much as you do. They might not like me as much. I've never... been with one. You've probably had hundreds.

Jon Snow: As a matter of fact, I'm the same as you.

Samwell Tarly: I find that hard to believe.

Jon Snow: I came very close once. I was alone in a room with a naked girl, but...

Samwell Tarly: You didn't know where to put it?

Jon Snow: I know where to put it.

Samwell Tarly: Was she... Old and ugly?

Jon Snow: Young and gorgeous. A whore named Ros.

Samwell Tarly: What color hair?

Jon Snow: Red.

Samwell Tarly: I like red hair. And her... Her...

Jon Snow: You don't want to know.

Samwell Tarly: That good?

Jon Snow: Better.

Samwell Tarly: Oh no. So why exactly did you not make love to Ros with the perfect...

Jon Snow: What's my name?

Samwell Tarly: Jon Snow?

Jon Snow: And why is my surname Snow?

Samwell Tarly: Because... You're a bastard from the north.

Jon Snow: I never met my mother. My father wouldn't even tell me her name. I don't know if she's living or d*ad. I don't know if she's a noblewoman or a fisherman's wife... Or a whore. So I sat there in the brothel as Ros took off her clothes. But I couldn't do it. Because all I could think was what if I got her pregnant and she had a child, another bastard named Snow? It's not a good life for a child.

Samwell Tarly: So... You didn't know where to put it?

Alliser Thorne: Enjoying yourselves? You look cold, boys.

Samwell Tarly: It is a bit nippy.

Alliser Thorne: A bit nippy, yeah, by the f*re, indoors. It's still summer. Do you boys even remember the last winter? How long has it been now? What, 10 years? I remember. Was it uncomfortable at Winterfell? Were there days when you just couldn't get warm, never mind how many fires your servants built?

Jon Snow: I build my own fires.

Alliser Thorne: That's admirable. I spent six months out there, beyond the Wall during the last winter. It was supposed to be a two-week mission. We heard a rumor Mance Rayder was planning to att*ck Eastwatch. So we went out to look for some of his men... Capture them, gather some knowledge. The Wildlings who fight for Mance Rayder are hard men. Harder than you'll ever be. They know their country better than we do. They knew there was a storm coming in. So they hid in their caves and waited for it to pass. And we got caught in the open. Wind so strong it yanked 100-foot trees straight from the ground, roots and all. If you took your gloves off to find your cock to have a piss, you lost a finger to the frost. And all in darkness. You don't know cold. Neither of you do. The horses d*ed first. We didn't have enough to feed them, to keep them warm. Eating the horses was easy. But later when we started to fall... That wasn't easy. We should have had a couple of boys like you along, shouldn't we? Soft, fat boys like you. We'd have lasted a fortnight on you and still had bones leftover for soup. Soon we'll have new recruits and you lot will be passed along to the Lord Commander for assignment and they will call you men of the Night's Watch, but you'd be fools to believe it. You're boys still. And come the winter you will die... Like flies.

Daenerys Targaryen: I h*t him. I h*t the dragon.

Jorah Mormont: Your brother Rhaegar was the last dragon. Viserys is less than the shadow of a snake.

Daenerys Targaryen: He is still the true King.

Jorah Mormont: The truth now: do you want to see your brother sitting on the Iron Throne?

Daenerys Targaryen: No. But the common people are waiting for him. Illyrio said they're sewing dragon banners and praying for his return.

Jorah Mormont: The common people pray for rain, health and a summer that never ends. They don't care what games the high Lords play.

Daenerys Targaryen: What do you pray for, Ser Jorah?

Jorah Mormont: Home.

Daenerys Targaryen: I pray for home too. My brother will never take back the Seven Kingdoms. He couldn't lead an army even if my husband gave him one. He'll never take us home.

Petyr Baelish: Lover's quarrel?

Sansa Stark: I'm sorry. Do I...?

Septa Mordane: Sansa dear, this is Lord Baelish. He's known...

Petyr Baelish: An old friend of the family. I've known your mother a long long time.

Arya Stark: Why do they call you Littlefinger?

Sansa Stark: Arya!

Septa Mordane: Don't be rude!

Petyr Baelish: No, it's quite all right. When I was a child I was very small and I come from a little spit of land called The Fingers, so you see, it's an exceedingly clever nickname.

Robert Baratheon: I've been sitting here for days! Start the damn joust before I piss myself!

Sansa Stark: Gods, who is that?

Petyr Baelish: Ser Gregor Clegane. They call him the Mountain. The Hound's older brother.

Sansa Stark: And his opponent?

Petyr Baelish: Ser Hugh of the Vale. He was Jon Arryn's squire. Look how far he's come.

Robert Baratheon: Yes, yes. Enough of the bloody pomp. Have at it!

Petyr Baelish: Not what you were expecting? Has anyone ever told you the story of the Mountain and the Hound? Lovely little tale of brotherly love. The Hound was just a pup, six years old maybe. Gregor a few years older, already a big lad, already getting a bit of a reputation. Some lucky boys just born with a talent for v*olence. One evening... Gregor found his little brother playing with a toy by the f*re... Gregor's toy, a wooden knight. Gregor never said a word, he just grabbed his brother by the scruff of his neck and shoved his face into the burning coals. Held him there while the boy screamed, while his face melted. There aren't very many people who know that story.

Sansa Stark: I won't tell anyone. I promise.

Petyr Baelish: No, please don't. If the Hound so much as heard you mention it, I'm afraid all the knights in King's Landing would not be able to save you.

Jory Cassel: My Lord, Her Grace the Queen.

Eddard Stark: Your Grace.

Cersei Baratheon: You're missing your tournament.

Eddard Stark: Putting my name on it doesn't make it mine.

Cersei Baratheon: I thought we might put what happened on the Kingsroad behind us – the ugliness with the wolves. And forcing you to k*ll the beast was extreme. Though sometimes we go to extremes where our children are concerned. How is Sansa?

Eddard Stark: She likes it here.

Cersei Baratheon: The only Stark who does. Favors her mother, not much of the north in her.

Eddard Stark: What are you doing here?

Cersei Baratheon: I might ask the same of you. What is it you hope to accomplish?

Eddard Stark: The King called on me to serve him and the realm, and that's what I'll do until he tells me otherwise.

Cersei Baratheon: You can't change him. You can't help him. He'll do what he wants, which is all he's ever done. You'll try your best to pick up the pieces.

Eddard Stark: If that's my job, then so be it.

Cersei Baratheon: You're just a soldier, aren't you? You take your orders and you carry on. I suppose it makes sense. Your older brother was trained to lead and you were trained to follow.

Eddard Stark: I was also trained to k*ll my enemies, Your Grace.

Cersei Baratheon: As was I.

Marillion: Seven blessings to you, goodfolk!

Catelyn Stark: And to you.

Rodrick Cassel: Boy! Bread, meat and beer, quickly.

Marillion: Good idea, grandfather. I'm starving. A song while we wait or?

Rodrick Cassel: I'd rather throw myself down a well.

Marillion: Grandfather, may be your last chance if you're heading north. The only music the northerners know is the howling of wolves!

Masha Heddle: I'm sorry, my Lord, we're full up. Every room.

Tyrion Lannister: My men can sleep in the s*ab. As for myself, I don't require a large room.

Masha Heddle: Truly, my lord, we have nothing.

Tyrion Lannister: Is there nothing I can do... to remedy this?

Bronn: You can have my room.

Tyrion Lannister: There's a clever man. You can manage food, I trust? Yoren, dine with me.

Yoren: Aye, my Lord.

Marillion: My Lord of Lannister! Might I entertain you while you eat? I can sing of your father's victory at King's Landing!

Tyrion Lannister: Nothing would more likely ruin my supper. Lady Stark! What an unexpected pleasure. I was sorry to have missed you at Winterfell.

Masha Heddle: Lady Stark.

Catelyn Stark: I was still Catelyn Tully the last time I stayed here. You, Ser... Is that the black bat of Harrenhal I see embroidered on your coat?

Knight of House Whent: It is, my Lady.

Catelyn Stark: And is Lady Whent a true and honest friend to my father... Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun?

Knight of House Whent: She is.

Catelyn Stark: The Red Stallion was always a welcome sight at Riverrun. My father counts Jonas Bracken amongst his oldest and most loyal bannermen.

Knight of House Bracken: Our lord is honored by his trust.

Tyrion Lannister: I envy your father all his fine friends... but I don't quite see the purpose of this.

Catelyn Stark: I know your sigil as well... The twin t*wers of Frey. How fares your Lord, Ser?

Knight of House Frey: Lord Walder is well, my Lady. He has asked your father for the honor of his presence on his 90th nameday. He plans to take another wife.

Catelyn Stark: This man... came into my house as a guest and there conspired to m*rder my son, a boy of 10. In the name of King Robert and the good Lords you serve, I call upon you to seize him and help me return him to Winterfell to await the King's justice.

In this episode: Catelyn has captured Tyrion and plans to bring him to her sister, Lysa Arryn, at The Vale, to be tried for his, supposed, crimes against Bran. Robert plans to have Daenerys k*lled, but Eddard refuses to be a part of it and quits.

[King's Landing - Ned Stark crosses the stone bridge to the Tourney of the Hand's grounds. He passes workers as they prepare for the day's games and enters the fallen Ser Hugh's tent where he joins Barristan Selmy watching over the d*ad knight's burial preparations.]

NED: Does Ser Hugh have any family in the capital?

BARRISTAN: No. I stood vigil for him myself last night. He had no one else.

NED: He'd never worn this armor before.

BARRISTAN: Bad luck for him ... going against the Mountain.

NED: Who determines the draw?

BARRISTAN: All the knights draw straws, Lord Stark.

NED: Aye ... but who holds the straws? (addressing the body's attendants) You've done good work, sisters.

[Both Ned and Barristan exit the tent and walk along the other tents as they talk.]

BARRISTAN: Life is strange. Not so many years ago we fought as enemies at the Trident.

NED: I'm glad we never met on the field, Ser Barristan ... as is my wife. I don't think the widow's life would suit her.

BARRISTAN: (chuckles) You're too modest. I've seen you cut down a dozen great knights.

NED: My father once told me you were the best he'd ever seen. I never knew the man to be wrong about matters of combat.

BARRISTAN: He was a fine man, your father. What the Mad King did to him was a terrible crime.

NED: (pointing back to Ser Hugh's tent) And that lad ... he was a squire until a few months ago. How could he afford a new suit of armor?

BARRISTAN: Perhaps Lord Arryn left him some money? I hear the King wants to joust today.

NED: Yes. That will never happen.

BARRISTAN: (chuckles) Robert tends to do what he wants.

NED: If the King got what he wanted all the time, we'd still be fighting a damned rebellion.

[Ned leaves Barristan's side and enters King Robert Baratheon's tent. Inside, Lancel Lannister is attempting to dress King Robert in his armament.]

LANCEL: It's made too small, Your Grace. It won't go.

KING ROBERT: Your mother was a dumb whore with a fat ass. Did you know that? (addressing Ned) Look at this idiot! One ball and no brains. He can't even put a man's armor on him properly.

NED: You're too fat for your armor.

KING ROBERT: Fat? Fat, is it? Is that how you speak to your King? (King Robert and Ned Laugh. King Robert turns to Lancel who is grinning.)That was funny, is it?

LANCEL: No, Your Grace.

KING ROBERT: No? You don't like the Hand's joke?

NED: You're torturing the poor boy.

KING ROBERT: You heard the Hand. The King's too fat for his armor! Go find the breastplate stretcher -- now!

NED: the breastplate stretcher?

[Ned leaves]

KING ROBERT: How long before he figures it out?

NED: Maybe you should have one invented.

KING ROBERT: All right, all right. But you watch me out there. I still know how to point a lance.

NED: You have no business jousting. Leave that for the young men.

KING ROBERT: Why? Because I'm king? Piss on that. I want to h*t somebody!

NED: And who's going to h*t you back?

KING ROBERT: Anybody who can. And the last man in his saddle ... will be you!

NED: There's not a man in the Seven Kingdoms would risk hurting you.

KING ROBERT: Are you telling me those cowards would let me win?

NED: Aye.

KING ROBERT: (pours Ned a drink and offers it to him) Drink.

NED: I'm not thirsty.

KING ROBERT: Drink. Your King commands it. Gods! Too fat for my armor.

NED: Your squire ... a Lannister boy?

KING ROBERT: hmm ... a bloody idiot ... but Cersei insisted. I have Jon Arryn to thank for her. "Cersei Lannister will make a good match", he told me. "You'll need her father on your side." I thought being King meant I could do whatever I wanted. Enough of this! Let's go watch 'em ride. At least I can smell someone else's blood. (The king rises and starts to leave the tent.)

NED: Robert?

KING ROBERT: What? (Looking down, King Robert sees his naked fat belly protruding from his jacket) (laughing) Oh! An inspiring sight for the people, eh? Come! Bow before your King! Bow, you shits!

[Cheering crowds line both sides of the jousting track as Ser Gregor Clegane (The Mountain) rides down the lane, stops in front of the King's stand, opens his helmet and bows. A tier down from the King's left, Ned is seated next to his daughter, Sansa Stark. Littlefinger (Petyr Baelish) sits directly behind them.]

NED: Where's Arya

SANSA: At her dancing lessons. (Sansa looks up the jousting track.) The Knight of the Flowers. (aka Ser Loras Tyrell, who rides up to Sansa and hands her a rose.)

SANSA: Thank you, Ser Loras.

[After nodding toward Sansa, Loras exchanges a secretive look with the King's brother, Renly Baratheon, who is seated higher up. Then he rides over and joins his opponent, Gregor in front of the King's stand. Gregor's horse becomes skittish and both men ride off in opposite directions toward the ends of the jousting track.]

SANSA: (grabbing her father's arm) Don't let Ser Gregor hurt him.

NED: Hey.

SANSA: I can't watch.

LITTLEFINGER: (turned around and speaking to Renly) 100 gold dragons on the Mountain.

RENLY: I'll take that bet.

LITTLEFINGER: Now what will I buy with 100 gold dragons? A dozen barrels of Dornish wine? Or a girl from the pleasure houses of Lys?

RENLY: Or you could even buy a friend.

SANSA: (to Ned) He's going to die.

NED: Ser Loras rides well.

[The trumpet sounds and both jousters ride toward one another. Loras' lance breaks upon Gregor's shield and knocks Gregor down to the ground. Renly jumps up laughing and clapping.]

RENLY: Such a shame, Littlefinger. It would have been so nice for you to have a friend.

LITTLEFINGER: And tell me, Lord Renly, when will you be having your friend? (indicating Loras)

LITTLEFINGER: (now seated, leans forward, speaking to Ned) Loras knew his mare was in heat. Quite crafty, really.

SANSA: Ser Loras would never do that! There's no honor in tricks.

LITTLEFINGER: No honor but quite a bit of gold.

[Gregor rises from the ground, rips off his helmet and shouts for his sword. Gregor grabs the sword from his squire and with one mighty stroke, severs his horse's head. Shocked, the crowd grows quiet. Then Gregor storms over to Loras, knocks him off of his horse and strikes with his sword. Loras' shield protects him from the bl*ws. Sandor Clegane (The Hound) roars, "Leave him be!" Drawing his own sword, The Hound jumps down from the King's stand and engages his brother, Gregor in a sword fight.]

KING ROBERT: (rising, shouts) Stop this madness in the name of your King!

[The Hound drops to his knee and bows his head, while Gregor's blade slices the air where The Hound's head was just seconds ago. Gregor throws down his sword and stomps off through the crowd. Loras approaches Sandor the Hound.]

LORAS: I owe you my life, Ser.

SANDOR: I'm no Ser.

[Loras grabs Sandor's left hand with his right and raises both in the air to the cheers of a standing ovation.]

[Catelyn Stark, her men and her prisoner, Tyrion Lannister, take a rest stop along the way to The Vale. One of Stark's men roughly pulls a hooded and tied, Tyrion Lannister from his horse.]

CATELYN: Remove his hood.

[Stark's man yanks the hood off of Tyrion and pushes him along while, Marillion, a troubadour from The Riverlands, strums his flute and sings until Tyrion comes face-to-face with Catelyn.]

MARILLION: (singing) On that eve, the c*ptive Imp down-wards from his horse did limp, no more would he preen and primp, in garb of red and gold.

TYRION: This isn't the Kings Road. You said we were riding for Winterfell.

CATELYN: I did ... often and loudly.

TYRION: Very wise. (Tyrion begins turning in circles, making sure to make eye contact as he speaks.) They'll be out in droves, looking for me in the wrong place. Word's probably gotten to my father by now. He'll be offering a handsome reward. Everyone knows a Lannister always pays his debts. Would you be so good as to untie me?

CATELYN: And why would I do that?

TYRION: Why not? Am I going to run? The hill tribes would k*ll me for my boots. Unless a Shadowcat ate me first.

CATELYN: Shadowcats and hill tribes are the least of your concerns.

TYRION: Ah ... the Eastern Road. We're going to The Vale. You're taking me to your sister's to answer for my imagined crimes. Tell me, Lady Stark. When was the last time you saw your sister?

CATELYN: Five years ago.

TYRION: She's changed. She was always a bit touched, but now ... you might as well k*ll me here.

CATELYN: I am not a m*rder, Lannister.

TYRION: Neither am I! I had nothing to do with the attempt on your son's life!

CATELYN: The dagger found

TYRION: What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?

RODRIK: Should I gag him?

TYRION: Why? Am I starting to make sense?

[Suddenly, a sh*t rings out and one of Stark's men falls to the ground. Men, brandishes axes, swords and slinging rocks, swoop in on them from all sides. Rodrik grabs Catelyn and guides her to a safer spot.]

RODRIK: My Lady, this way.

[Tyrion watches the small intense battle as throats are slit and heads bashed in. He sees Catelyn pull out a small dagger and rushes over to her.]

TYRION: Untie me. If I die, what's the point?

[Catelyn cuts Tyrion's bonds. He looks around and makes a dash for a shield. Tyrion grabs the shield and holds it up just in time to avoid a well-aimed rock. He looks back toward Catelyn and sees she's under att*ck. One of her men rushes to save her, but he is felled by the attacker. Tyrion runs over and batters the attacker with the shield. Once the attacker is down, Tyrion repeatedly drives the shield's edge into the man's face and neck, k*lling him and saving Catelyn. The fight ends; many are d*ad. Catelyn stumbles over to Winterfell's Master-at-Arms.]

CATELYN: Rodrik?

RODRIK: I'll be fine, My Lady. There's no need to bloody yourself.

[Bronn sheaths his sword and walks over to Tyrion.]

BRONN: Your first? (Tyrion nods.) You need a woman. Nothing like a woman after a fight.

TYRION: (looking at Catelyn) Well, I'm willing if she is.

[Winterfell - Theon Greyjoy is practicing his archery skills. Bran Stark and Maester Luwin are seated at a table behind Theon. Bran is supposed to be studying but he can't keep his eyes off Theon's target practice.]

LUWIN: Bran ... (Maester Luwin taps a pointer on a map of Westeros.)

BRAN: The Iron Islands. Sigil -- a Kraken. Words -- "We do not sow".

LUWIN: Lords?

BRAN: The Greyjoys.

THEON: (turns to face Bran) Famed for their skills at archery, navigation and lovemaking.

LUWIN: And failed rebellions. (Maester Luwin taps again.)

BRAN: Sigil -- a stag. -- a crowned stag now that Robert's King.

LUWIN: Good.

BRAN: Words -- "Ours is the fury". Lords -- the Baratheons.

LUWIN: mm - hmm.

BRAN: The Westerlands -- sigil -- a lion.

LUWIN: hmm ..

BRAN: Words -- "A Lannister always pays his debts."

LUWIN: No. A common saying, but not their official motto.

BRAN: Lords -- the Lannisters.

LUWIN: We're still on their words.

BRAN: I don't know them.

LUWIN: You do know them. Think.

BRAN: "Unbowed, unbent, unbroken".

LUWIN: That's House Martell.

BRAN: "Righteous in wrath".

LUWIN: House Hornwood.

BRAN: "Family, duty, honor".

LUWIN: Those are Tully words ... your mother's. Are we playing a game?

BRAN: "Family, duty, honor" ... is that the right order?

LUWIN: You know it is.

BRAN: Family comes first?

LUWIN: Your mother had to leave Winterfell to protect the family.

BRAN: How can she protect the family, if she's not with her family?

LUWIN: Your mother sat by your bed for three weeks while you slept.

BRAN: And then she left!

LUWIN: When you were born, I was the one who pulled you from your mother. I placed you in her arms. From that moment until the moment she dies, she will love you. Absolutely. Fiercely.

BRAN: Why did she leave?

LUWIN: I still can't tell you, but she will be home soon.

BRAN: Do you know where she is now? Today?

LUWIN: No, I don't.

BRAN: Then how can you promise me she'll be home soon?

LUWIN: Sometimes I worry you're too smart for your own good.

BRAN: I'll never sh**t another arrow.

LUWIN: And where is that written?

BRAN: You need legs to work a bow.

LUWIN: hmm ... If the saddle Lord Tyrion designed actually works, you could learn to sh**t a bow from horseback.

BRAN: Really?

LUWIN: Dothraki boys learn when they're four years old. Why shouldn't you?

[Winterfell - Theon Greyjoy's quarters. Theon and Ros (Theon's favorite local whore) are at the end of having sex.]

THEON: Shh ... Keep it down. You're not supposed to be inside the castle walls.

[Theon moves away and Ros walks over a dresser and sits in front of the mirror.]

ROS: I thought you were supposed to be an important person around here.

THEON: Important enough for the likes of you.

ROS: You're not the only nobleman in my life, you know.

THEON: Who? the Imp? I'd call him half a nobleman.

ROS: Jealous?

THEON: Why should I be jealous?

[Theon walks over and stands directly behind Ros.]

THEON: Anyone with a few coppers in his pocket can own you for the night. What's a dwarf like down below? I've always wondered.

ROS: Might surprise you.

THEON: hmm?

ROS: He's good with his fingers too. And his tongue.

THEON: (grabs the necklace around Ros's neck) Generous tipper. I guess gold is cheap for a Lannister.

ROS: You are jealous.

THEON: I'm a Greyjoy. We've been Lords of the Iron Islands for 300 years. There's not a family in Westeros that can look down on us, not even the Lannisters.

[King's Landing -- Arya Stark chases a cat along the castle hallways.]

ARYA: Come on. I'm not gonna hurt you.

[King's Landing -- Chambers of the Hand of the King -- Ned Stark is seated at his desk and listens to Lord Varys as he walks around securing the windows and doors before sitting down for a private conversation.]

VAYRS: How is your son, My Lord?

NED: He'll never walk again.

VAYRS: But his mind is sound?

NED: So they say.

VAYRS: A blessing then. I suffered an early mutilation myself. Some doors close forever ... others open in the most unexpected places. May I? (Varys indicates a chair and with a nod from Ned, sits down.)

VAYRS: If the wrong ears heard what I'm about to tell you, off comes my head. And who would mourn poor Varys then? North or South, they sing no songs for spiders. But there are things you must know. You are the King's Hand and the King is a fool ... your friend, I know, but a fool ... and doomed unless you save him.

NED: I've been in the capital a month. Why have you waited so long to tell me this?

VAYRS: I didn't trust you.

NED: So why do you trust me now?

VAYRS: The Queen is not the only one who has been watching you closely. There are few men of honor in the capital. You are one of them. I would like to believe I am another, strange as that may seem.

NED: What sort of doom does the King face?

VAYRS: The same sort as Jon Arryn. The tears of Lys, they call it. A rare and costly thing, as clear and tasteless as water. It leaves no trace.

[Ned quickly rises, turns his back to Varys and walks over to the open-air entrance to the balcony.]

NED: Who gave it to him?

VAYRS: Some dear friend, no doubt. But which one? There were many. Lord Arryn was a kind and trusting man. There was one boy ... all he was he owed to Jon Arryn.

NED: (turning to look at Vayrs) The squire, Ser Hugh?

VAYRS: Pity what happened to him, just when his life seemed to be going so nicely.

NED: If Ser Hugh poisoned him, who paid Ser Hugh?

VAYRS: Someone who could afford it.

[Ned walks back to his desk and places his hands on the chair back.]

NED: Jon was a man of peace. He was Hand for 17 years -- 17 good years. Why k*ll him?

VAYRS: He started asking questions.

[King's Landing -- Arya Stark chases the cat through the dungeons of the Red Keep. She stops suddenly and stares at a statue of a huge dragon's skull. As she explores, she hears two men approach. Quickly, she hides within the dragon's open jaws and listens. The men are Lord Varys and Magister Illyrio Mopatis.]

VAYRS: He's found one bastard already. He has the book. The rest will come.

ILLYRIO: And when he knows the truth, what will he do?

VAYRS: The gods alone know. The fools tried to k*ll his son. What's worse -- they botched it. (Varys closes and locks the corridor gate.) The wolf and the lion will be at each other's throats. We will be at w*r soon, my friend.

ILLYRIO: What good is w*r now? We're not ready. If one Hand can die, why not a second?

VAYRS: This Hand is not the other.

ILLYRIO: We need time. Khal Drogo will not make his move until his son is born. You know how these savages are.

VAYRS: "Delay," you say. "Move fast, " I reply. This is no longer a game for two players.

ILLYRIO: It never was.

[Arya watches as the men leave. She emerges from the dragon's jaws and runs to the gate, only to find it locked. She runs off in another direction.]

[King's Landing -- The Throne Room -- Littlefinger stands staring up at the Iron Throne when Lord Varys enters the room.]

VAYRS: The first to arrive and the last to leave. I admire your industry.

LITTLEFINGER: You do move quietly.

VAYRS: We all have our qualities.

LITTLEFINGER: You look a bit lonely today. You should pay a visit to my brothel this evening. First boy is on the house.

VAYRS: I think you're mistaking business with pleasure.

LITTLEFINGER: Am I? All those birds that whisper in your ear ... such pretty little things. Trust me, we accommodate all inclinations.

VAYRS: Oh, I'm sure. Lord Redwyne likes his boys very young, I hear.

LITTLEFINGER: I'm a purveyor of beauty and discretion -- both equally important.

VAYRS: Though I suppose beauty is a subjective quality, no? Is it true that Ser Marlon of Tumblestone prefers amputees?

LITTLEFINGER: All desires are valid to a man with a full purse.

VAYRS: And I heard the most awful rumor about a certain lord with a taste for fresh cadavers. Must be enormously difficult to accommodate that inclination. The logistics alone ... to find beautiful corpses before they rot.

LITTLEFINGER: Strictly speaking, such a thing would not be in accordance with the King's laws.

VAYRS: Strictly speaking.

LITTLEFINGER: Tell me. Does someone, somewhere, keep your b*lls in a little box? I've often wondered.

VAYRS: Do you know, I have no idea where they are? And we had been so close. But enough about me. How have you been since we last saw each other?

LITTLEFINGER: Since you last saw me or since I last saw you?

VAYRS: Now the last time I saw you, you were talking to the Hand of the King.

LITTLEFINGER: Saw me with your own eyes?

VAYRS: Eyes I own.

LITTLEFINGER: Council business. We all have so much to discuss with Ned Stark.

VAYRS: Everyone's well aware of your enduring fondness for Lord Stark's wife. If the Lannisters were behind the attempt on the Stark boy's life and it was discovered that you helped the Starks come to that conclusion ... To think a simple word to the Queen ...

LITTLEFINGER: One shudders at the thought.

VAYRS: Ooh. (shudders)

LITTLEFINGER: But you know something? I do believe that I have seen you even more recently than you have seen me.

VAYRS: Have you?

LITTLEFINGER: Yes. Earlier today, I distinctly recall seeing you talking to Lord Stark in his chambers.

VAYRS: Was that you under the bed?

LITTLEFINGER: And not long after that when I saw you escorting a certain foreign dignitary ... Council business? Of course you would have friends from across The Narrow Sea. You're from there yourself, after all. We're friends, aren't we, Lord Varys? I'd like to think we are. So you can imagine my burden, wondering if the King might question my friend's sympathies -- to stand at a crossroads where turning left means loyalty to a friend, turning right -- loyalty to the realm.

VAYRS: Oh, please.

LITTLEFINGER: To find myself in a position where a simple word to the King --

[Renly Baratheon, brother to King Robert, barges into the throne room, and speaks as he cuts across the room to another doorway on the other side.]

RENLY: What are you two conspiring about? Well, whatever it is, you'd best hurry up. My brother is coming. (exits)

LITTLEFINGER: To a small council meeting?

VAYRS: Disturbing news from far away. Haven't you heard?

[King's Landing --Arya emerges from a tunnel outside the castle walls. She makes her way to the entrance of the castle, but is stopped by two guards.]

GUARD1: Off with you. No begging.

ARYA: I'm not a beggar. I live here.

GUARD1: D'you want a smack on your ear to help you with your hearing?

ARYA: I want to see my father.

GUARD2: I want to f*ck the Queen, for all the good it does me.

GUARD1: You want your father, boy? He's lying on the floor of some tavern, getting pissed on by his friends.

ARYA: My father is Hand of the King! I'm not a boy. I'm Arya Stark of Winterfell and if you lay a hand on me, my father will have both your heads on spikes! Now are you going to let me by or do I need to smack you on the ear to help with your hearing?

[King's Landing -- Hand of the King (Ned Stark) Chambers]

NED: You know I had half my guard out searching for you? You promised me this would stop.

ARYA: They said they were going to k*ll you.

NED: Who did?

ARYA: I didn't see them, but I think one was fat.

NED: Oh, Arya.

ARYA: I'm not lying! They said you found the bastard and the wolves are fighting the lions and the savage ... something about the savage.

NED: Where did you hear this?

ARYA: In the dungeons, near the dragon skulls.

NED: What were you doing in the dungeons?

ARYA: Chasing a cat.

JORY: (guard knocks, then enters) Pardon, My Lord. There's a Night's Watchman here begging a word. He says it's urgent. (Ned nods, the visitor enters.)

NED: Your name, friend?

YOREN: Yoren, if it please. This must be your son. He has the look.

ARYA: I'm a girl!

NED: Did Benjen send you?

YOREN: No one sent me, My Lord. I'm here to find men for The Wall, see if there's any scum in the dungeons that might be fit for service.

NED: Ah, we'll find recruits for you.

YOREN: Thank you, My Lord. But that's not why I disturb you now. Your brother, Benjen ... his blood runs black -- makes him as much my brother as yours. It's for his sake I rode here so hard I damn near k*lled my horse! There are others riding too. The whole city will know by tomorrow.

NED: Know what?

YOREN: Best said in private, My Lord.

NED: (kisses Arya on the head) Go on. We'll talk more later.

NED: Jory, take her safely to her room.

JORY: Come along, My Lady. You heard your father.

[Jory and Arya exit the chambers and walk down the hall]

ARYA: How many guards does my father have?

JORY: Here in King's Landing? Fifty.

ARYA: You wouldn't let anyone k*ll him, would you?

JORY: No fear on that count, little Lady.

[The Hand of the King's Chambers with door closed.]

NED: Well?

YOREN: It's about your wife, My Lord. She's taken the Imp.
[The Vale -- A short distance from The Eyrie, Catelyn Stark's party is met by a group of armed guards from The Vale.]

VARDIS: You're far from home, Lady Stark.

CATELYN: To whom do I speak?

VARDIS: Ser Vardis Egan, Knight of The Vale. Is Lady Arryn expecting your visit?

CATELYN: There was no time to send word.

VARDIS: May I ask, My Lady, why he is with you?

CATELYN: That's why there was no time. He is my prisoner.

VARDIS: He doesn't look like a prisoner.

CATELYN: My sister will decide what he looks like.

VARDIS: Yes, My Lady. She will at that.

[The Eyrie guards turn and head back to the castle. Catelyn Stark's party follows their escorts.]

TYRION: The Eyrie. They say it's impregnable.

BRONN: Give me 10 good men and some climbing spikes ... I'll impregnate the bitch.

TYRION: I like you.

[King's Landing -- Castle Courtyard -- The Royal Steward hails Ned Stark as he strides purposefully along a walk.]

STEWARD: Lord Stark, your presence has been requested in the small council chamber. A meeting has been called.

NED: I need to see the King first -- alone.

STEWARD: The King is at the small council meeting, My Lord. He has summoned you.

NED: Is it about my wife?

STEWARD: No, My Lord. I believe it concerns Daenerys Targaryen.

[King's Landing -- The Small Council Chamber -- present are: Ned Stark (who is standing and facing the others seated at the table), King Robert Baratheon, Renly Baratheon, Littlefinger, Lord Varys, Grand Maester Pycelle.]

KING ROBERT: The whore is pregnant.

NED: You're speaking of m*rder a child.

KING ROBERT: I warned you this would happen. Back in the North, I warned you, but you didn't care to hear. Well, hear it now. I want 'em d*ad, mother and child both -- and that fool, Viserys as well. Is that plain enough for you? I want them both d*ad.

NED: you will dishonor yourself forever if you do this.

KING ROBERT: Honor?! I've got Seven Kingdoms to rule! One King, Seven Kingdoms. Do you think honor keeps them in line? Do you think it's honor that's keeping the peace? It's fear -- fear and blood.

NED: Then we're no better than the Mad King.

KING ROBERT: Careful, Ned. Careful now.

NED: You want to assassinate a girl ... because the Spider heard a rumor?

VARYS: No rumor, My Lord. The princess is with child.

NED: Based on whose information?

VARYS: Ser Jorah Mormont. He is serving as adviser to the Targaryens.

NED: Mormont? You bring us the whispers of a traitor half a world away and call it fact?

LITTLEFINGER: Jorah Mormont's a slaver, not a traitor. Small difference, I know, to an honorable man.

NED: He broke the law, betrayed his family, fled our land. We commit m*rder on the word of this man?

KING ROBERT: And if he's right? If she has a son? A Targaryen at the head of a Dothraki army ...What then?

NED: The Narrow Sea still lies between us. I'll fear the Dothraki the day they teach their horses to run on water.

KING ROBERT: Do nothing? That's your wise advice? Do nothing till our enemies are on our shores? You're my council. Counsel! Speak sense to this honorable fool.

VARYS: I understand your misgivings, My Lord. Truly, I do. It is a terrible thing we must consider, a vile thing. Yet, we who presume to rule must sometimes do vile things for the good of the realm. Should the gods grant Daenerys a son, the realm will bleed.

PYCELLE: I bear this girl no ill will, but should the Dothraki inv*de, how many innocents will die? How many towns will burn? Is it not wiser, kinder even, that she should die now so that tens of thousands might live?

RENLY: We should have had them both k*lled years ago.

LITTLEFINGER: When you find yourself in bed with an ugly woman, best close your eyes, get it over with. Cut her throat. Be done with it.

NED: I followed you into w*r -- twice -- without doubts, without second thoughts. But I will not follow you now. The Robert I grew up with didn't tremble at the shadow of an unborn child.

KING ROBERT: She dies.

NED: I will have no part in it.

KING ROBERT: You're the King's Hand, Lord Stark. You'll do as I command or I'll find me a hand who will.

[Ned removes the pin signifying his position as Hand of the King and tosses it onto the table in front of King Robert.]

NED: And good luck to him. I thought you were a better man.

KING ROBERT: Out! Out, damn you! I'm done with you. (Ned gives King Robert a slight nod, then turns and leaves.) Go! Run back to Winterfell! I'll have your head on a spike! I'll put it there myself, you fool! You think you're too good for this? Too proud and honorable? This is a w*r!

[King's Landing -- Ned Stark's chambers. Ned is quickly packing his belongings when Jory enters his room.]

NED: I'll go ahead with my daughters. Get them ready. Do it yourself. Don't ask anyone for help.

JORY: Right away, My Lord. Lord Baelish (Littlefinger) is here for you.

LITTLEFINGER: His Grace went on about you at some length after you took your leave. The word "treason" was mentioned.

NED: What can I do for you?

LITTLEFINGER: When do you return to Winterfell?

NED: Why? What do you care?

LITTLEFINGER: If you're still here come nightfall, I'll take you to see the last person Jon Arryn spoke with before falling ill. If that sort of thing still interests you.

NED: I don't have the time.

LITTLEFINGER: It won't take more than an hour. But as you please.

[Littlefinger turns and walks out into the hall, but he doesn't get very far before Ned grabs his sword and gives Jory some last orders before joining him.]

NED: Round up all the men we have and station them outside the girls' chambers. Who are your best two swords?

JORY: Heward and Wyl.

NED: Find them and meet me at the s*ab.

[The Eyrie -- The Throne Room -- Lysa Arryn, Catelyn's sister and widow to Jon Arryn, sits high upon her throne. Her son 7 year old son, Robin, still breast feeding, sits on her lap. Catelyn Stark, Tyrion Lannister, Ser Vardis Egan of the Vale and several guards stand in the hall, looking up at Lysa.]

LYSA: You bring him here without permission? You pollute my home with his presence? (To Robin) Your aunt has done a bad thing, Robin, a very bad thing. You remember her, don't you? (to Catelyn) Isn't he beautiful? And strong too. Jon knew it. His last words were, "the seed is strong." He wanted everyone to know what a good, strong boy his son would grow up to be. Look at him, the Lord of all the Vale.

CATELYN: Lysa, you wrote me about the Lannisters -- warning me t-

LYSA: To stay away from them! Not to bring one here!

ROBIN: Mommy? Is that the bad man?

LYSA: It tis.

ROBIN: He's little.

LYSA: He's Tyrion the Imp of house Lannister. He k*lled your father. He m*rder the Hand of the King!

TYRION: Oh? Did I k*ll him too? I've been a very busy man.

LYSA: You will watch your tongue! These men are knights of the Vale. Every one of the loved John Arryn. Every one of them would die for me.

TYRION: If any harm comes to me, my brother, Jaime, will see that they do.

ROBIN: (jumping up and shouting) You can't hurt us! No one can hurt us here! Tell him, mommy! Tell him!

LYSA: Shh ... Shh ... Shh, my sweet boy. (Robin sits back down on his mother's lap.) He's just trying to frighten us. Lannisters are all liars. No one will hurt my baby.

ROBIN: Mommy ... I want to see the bad man fly.

LYSA: Perhaps you will, my little love.

CATELYN: This man is my prisoner. I will not have him harmed.

LYSA: Ser Vardis, my sister's guest is weary. Take him down below so he can rest. Introduce him to Mord.

["Down below", Mord throws Tyrion into his cell]

MORD: (laughing) You go sleep, dwarf man. Sleep good, little dwarf. man!

[Tyrion surveys his three-walled cell. Open sky greets him where the fourth wall should be. The floor slants toward the opening. Tyrion carefully walks over to the edge and looks down at the ground -- far -- far -- far below.]

[King's Landing -- Renly Baratheon's Chambers. Renly is seated in a chair and Ser Loras Tyrell (Knight of the Flowers) is kneeling beside him, preparing to shave Renly's chest.]

LORAS: Lord Stark's lucky he still has a head.

RENLY: Robert will rant for a few days, but he won't do anything. He adores the man.

LORAS: You're jealous.

RENLY: Are you sure this won't hurt?

LORAS: Only if I slip.

RENLY: And you prefer me like this?

LORAS: hm - mmm...

RENLY: If you want hairless, maybe you should find a little boy.

LORAS: I want you.

RENLY: My brother thinks that anyone who hasn't been to w*r isn't a man. He treats me as if I'm a spoiled child. Oh, and you're not? Loras Tyrell, the Knight of the Flowers? How many wars have you fought in? Oh, and how much did your father spend on that armor of yours?

LORAS: Hold still.

RENLY: All I ever hear from Robert and Stannis is how I'm not tough enough, how I squirm at the sight of blood.

LORAS: You did vomit when that boy's eye was knocked out in the mêlée.

RENLY: His eye was dangling out of the damn socket!

LORAS: He shouldn't have entered the mêlée if he didn't know how to fight.

RENLY: Easy for you to say. Not everyone is such a gifted swordsman.

LORAS: It's not a gift. No one gave it to me. I'm good because I work at it -- every day of my life since I could hold a stick.

RENLY: I could work at fighting all day, every day, and still never be as good as you.

LORAS: Yes well, I guess we'll never know.

[Loras wipes Renly's chest off and then raises Renly's arm to shave underneath it.]

RENLY: Everywhere?

LORAS: Everywhere. So how did it end up? The Targaryen girl will die?

RENLY: It needs to be done, unpleasant as it is. Robert's rather tasteless about it. Every time he talks about k*lling her, I swear the table rises six inches.

LORAS: It's a shame he can't muster the same enthusiasm for his wife.

RENLY: He does have a deep, abiding lust for her money. You have to give it to the Lannisters -- they may be the most pompous, ponderous c**ts the gods ever suffered to walk the world, but they do have outrageous amounts of money.

LORAS: I have an outrageous amount of money.

RENLY: Not as much as the Lannisters.

LORAS: But a lot more than you.

RENLY: Robert's thr*at to take me hunting with him. Last time we were out there for two weeks -- tramping through the trees in the rain, day after day. All so he can stick his spear into something's flesh! Oh. but Robert loves his k*lling. And he's the King.

LORAS: hmm ... How did that ever happen?

RENLY: Because he loves his k*lling and he used to be good at it.

LORAS: Do you know who should be King? (Both men exchange looks.)

RENLY: Be serious.

LORAS: I am. My father could be your bank. I've never fought in a w*r before, but I'd fight for you.

RENLY: I'm fourth in line.

LORAS: And where was Robert in the line of royal succession? Joffrey is a monster. Tommen is eight.

RENLY: Stannis?

LORAS: Stannis has the personality of a lobster.

RENLY: He's still my older brother.

[Loras slices a small cut in Renly's side.]

RENLY: What are you doing?!

LORAS: Look at it.

RENLY: You cut me!

LORAS: It's just blood. We've all got it in us. Sometimes a little spills. If you become King, you're going to see a lot of this. You need to get used to it. Go on. Look. People love you. They love to serve you because you're kind to them. They want to be near you.

[Loras rises and taking Renly by the hand, has him stand up as well.]

LORAS: You're willing to do what needs to be done, but you don't gloat over it. You don't love k*lling. Where is it written that power is the sole province of the worst? That thrones are only made for the hated and the feared. You would be a wonderful King.

[Loras kneels down in front of Renly, unfastens Renly's pants and slides them down. After a moment, Renly smiles with pleasure.]

[King's Landing -- King Robert's Chambers -- King Robert is seated at his desk, staring pensively at the drink in his hand when Cersei Baratheon enters.]

CERSEI: I'm sorry your marriage to Ned Stark didn't work out. You seemed so good together.

KING ROBERT: I'm glad I could do something to make you happy.

CERSEI: Without a Hand, everything will fall to pieces.

KING ROBERT: I suppose this is where you tell me to give the job to your brother Jaime.

CERSEI: No. He's not serious enough. I'll say this for Ned Stark -- he's serious enough. Was it really worth it? Losing him this way?

KING ROBERT: I don't know. But I do know this -- If the Targaryen girl convinces her horse-lord husband to inv*de and the Dothraki horde crosses The Narrow Sea ... we won't be able to stop them.

CERSEI: The Dothraki don't sail. Every child knows that. They don't have discipline. They don't have armor. They don't have siege w*apon.

KING ROBERT: It's a neat little trick you do -- you move your lips and your father's voice comes out.

CERSEI: Is my father wrong?

KING ROBERT: Let's say Viserys Targaryen lands with forty thousand Dothraki screamers at his back. We hole up in our castles -- a wise move. Only a fool would meet the Dothraki in an open field. They leave us in our castles. They go from town to town, looting and burning, k*lling every man who can't hide behind a stone wall, stealing all our crops and livestock, enslaving all our women and children. How long do the people of the Seven Kingdoms stand behind their absentee King -- their cowardly King hiding behind high walls? When do the people decide that Viserys Targaryen is the rightful monarch after all.

CERSEI: We still outnumber them.

KING ROBERT: Which is the bigger number -- five or one?

CERSEI: Five.

KING ROBERT: (holds both hands up in illustration) Five ... one. One army, a real army, united behind one leader with one purpose. Our purpose d*ed with the Mad King. Now we've got as many armies as there are men with gold in their purse. And everybody wants something different. Your father wants to own the world. Ned Stark wants to run away and bury his head in the snow.

CERSEI: What do you want?

KING ROBERT: We haven't had a real fight in nine years. Back-s*ab doesn't prepare you for a fight. And that's all the realm is now -- back-s*ab and scheming and arse-licking and money-grubbing. Sometimes I don't know what holds it together.

CERSEI: Our marriage.

[King Robert develops a hearty laugh as Cersei starts laughing as well.]

KING ROBERT: Ah, so here we sit, seventeen years later, holding it all together. Don't you get tired?

CERSEI: Every day.

KING ROBERT: How long can hate hold a thing together?

CERSEI: Well, seventeen years is quite a long time.

KING ROBERT: Yes, it is.

CERSEI: Yes, it tis. What was she like?

KING ROBERT: You've never asked about her, not once. Why not?

CERSEI: At first, just saying her name, even in private felt like I was breathing life back into her. I thought if I didn't talk about her, she'd just fade away for you. When I realized that wasn't going to happen, I refused to ask out of spite. I didn't want to give you the satisfaction of thinking I cared enough to ask. And eventually it became clear that my spite didn't mean anything to you, as far as I could tell, you actually enjoyed it.

KING ROBERT: So why now?

CERSEI: What harm could Lyanna Stark's ghost do to either of us that we haven't done to each other a hundred times over?

KING ROBERT: You want to know the horrible truth? I can't even remember what she looked like. I only know she was the one thing I ever wanted ... Someone took her away from me, and Seven Kingdoms couldn't fill the hole she left behind.

CERSEI: I felt something for you once, you know?

KING ROBERT: I know.

CERSEI: Even after we lost our first boy -- for quite a while, actually. Was it ever possible for us? Was there ever a time, ever a ... moment?

KING ROBERT: No. Does that make you feel better or worse?

CERSEI: It doesn't make me feel anything.

[King's Landing -- Littlefinger's Brothel -- Ned Stark is in a room with Mhaegen, a prost*tute and mother of King Robert's illegitimate daughter, who she is holding. In an adjoining room, separated by a curtain of metal hoops, Littlefinger reclines on a sofa between two of his whores. Jory Cassel, Captain of Winterfell's Guard, stands opposite the sofa, next to the curtained doorway.]

MHAEGEN: She looks like him, don't she, My Lord? She has his nose, his black hair.

NED: Aye.

MHAEGEN: Tell him when you see him, My Lord. If it please you ... tell him how beautiful she is.

NED: I will.

MHAEGEN: And tell him I've been with no one else. I swear it, My Lord, by the old gods and new. I don't want no jewels or nothing, just him. The King was always good to me.

NED: When Jon Arryn came to visit you, what did he want?

MHAEGEN: He wasn't that sort of man, My Lord. He just wanted to know if the child was happy ... healthy.

NED: She looks healthy enough to me. The girl shall want for nothing.

[Ned leaves the room through the curtain and joins Littlefinger in the adjoining room.]

LITTLEFINGER: Brothels make a much better investment than ship, I've found. Whores rarely sink.

NED: What do you know of King Robert's bastards?

LITTLEFINGER: Well, he has more than you, for a start.

NED: How many?

LITTLEFINGER: Does it matter? If you f*ck enough women, some of them will give you presents.

NED: And Jon Arryn tracked them all down. Why?

LITTLEFINGER: He was the King's Hand. Perhaps Robert wanted them looked after. He was overcome with fatherly love.

NED: (preparing to take his leave - to Jory) Come.

[Jory remains transfixed, staring at the whores on the couch as one of them bares her breasts.]

NED: Jory!

JORY: (startled out of his trance) My Lord.

[Ned and Jory exit the brothel and are joined by a handful of the Stark guard. They are swiftly surrounded by Jaime Lannister's armed guard. Jaime Lannister rides up on horseback to the head of the guard and faces Ned Stark]

JAIME: Such a small pack of wolves.

JORY: Stay back, Ser! This is the Hand of the King!

JAIME: Was! ... the Hand of the King. Now I'm not sure what he is ... Lord of somewhere very far away.

LITTLEFINGER: (exiting the brothel) What's the meaning of this, Lannister?

JAIME: Get back inside where it's safe. I'm looking for my brother. You remember my brother, don't you, Lord Stark? Blond hair, sharp tongue, short man.

NED: I remember him well.

JAIME: It seems he had some trouble on the road. You wouldn't know what happened to him, would you?

NED: He was taken at my command to answer for his crimes.

[Jaime draws his sword as his men start to move forward. They are stopped when Littlefinger steps up.]

LITTLEFINGER: My Lords! I'll bring the City Watch! (exits)

JAIME: Come, Stark. I'd rather you die sword in hand.

JORY: If you thr*at My Lord again --

JAIME: thr*at? As in, "I'm going to open your Lord from b*lls to brains and see what Starks are made of"?

NED: You k*ll me, your brother's a d*ad man.

JAIME: You're right. (to his men) Take him alive! k*ll his men!

[A short but fierce fight breaks out between the men. Outnumbered, Stark's men are felled one by one, ending with Jaime driving a dagger into Jory's eye. Ned Stark takes on Jaime while all remaining watch. Their sword fight is brought to an abrupt end when one of Jaime's guards spears the back of Ned's leg, bringing him to his knees. Angry, Jaime approaches the offending guard and knocks him out with one hard blow from the blunt end of his sword. Jaime mounts his horse and addresses Ned Stark.]

JAIME: My brother, Lord Stark ... we want him back.

[Jaime Lannister rides away as Ned Stark falls to his back on the ground.]

[END]

Eddard Stark: Your pardon, your Grace. I would rise, but...

Cersei Baratheon: Do you know what your wife has done?

Eddard Stark: She did nothing I did not command.

Robert Baratheon: Who'd have thought she had it in her?

Cersei Baratheon: By what right dare you lay hands on my blood?

Eddard Stark: I am the King's Hand, charged with keeping the peace...

Cersei Baratheon: You were the King's Hand. You shall now be held accountable.

Robert Baratheon: Will both of you shut your mouths?! Catelyn will release Tyrion and you'll make your peace with Jaime.

Eddard Stark: He butchered my men...

Cersei Baratheon: Lord Stark was returning drunk from a brothel when his men att*cked Jaime.

Robert Baratheon: Quiet, woman.

Eddard Stark: Jaime has fled the city. Give me leave to bring him back to justice.

(Robert stares at Ned)

Cersei Baratheon: I took you for a King.

Robert Baratheon: Hold your tongue.

Cersei Baratheon: He's att*cked one of my brothers and abducted the other. I should wear the armor and you the gown.

(Robert slaps her)

Cercei: I shall wear this like a badge of honor.

Robert Baratheon: Wear it in silence or I'll honor you again.

(Cersei looks at Ned, back at Robert, then leaves the room)

Robert Baratheon: See what she does to me? (pours wine from a goblet into a cup) My loving wife. I should not have h*t her.(sits down on the bed, facing away from Ned) . That was not... That was not Kingly. (drinks the wine)

Eddard Stark: If we don't act, there will be a w*r.

Robert Baratheon: So tell your wife to return that little shit of an Imp to King's Landing. She's had her fun, now put an end to it. You hear me? Send a raven and put an end to it.

Eddard Stark: And what about Jaime Lannister?

(Robert grimaces)

Eddard Stark: What about Jaime?

Robert Baratheon: I'm half a Kingdom in debt to his bloody father! I don't know what happened between you and those yellow-haired shits. I don't want to know. This is what matters... I can't rule the Kingdoms if the Starks and the Lannisters are at each other's throats. So enough.

Eddard Stark: As you command, your Grace. With your leave, I will return to Winterfell and set matters straight.

Robert Baratheon: Piss on that. Send a raven. I want you to stay. I'm the King. I get what I want.... I never loved my brothers. A sad thing for a man to admit, but it's true. You were the brother I chose. (he looks back at Ned. He stands up) We'll talk when I return from the hunt.(he throws the 'hand's badge' at him)

Eddard Stark: The hunt?

(Robert starts walk towards the door)

Robert Baratheon: k*lling things clears my head. (at the door) You'll have to sit on the throne while I'm away. You'll hate it more than I do.

Eddard Stark: The Targaryen girl...

Robert Baratheon: (opens the door) Seven hells! don't start with her again. The girl will die and I'll hear no more of it. Put on the badge. And if you ever take it off again, I swear to the Mother I'll pin the damned thing on Jaime Lannister. (exits. the door closes) (Ned picks up the badge the badge)
________________________________________
[ A DRAGON EGG ]

(The camera moves up to show Daenerys holding it, in a hut, sitting down. She stands up and walks towards a pot with rocks and f*re burning beneath them. She places the egg on the rocks. She kneels down and stares at it. Irri enters the room holding a basket. She stands at the door and looks at Daenerys)

Irri: Khaleesi?

(Daenerys picks the egg up. Irri drops the basket and runs to her)

Khaleesi! (she takes the egg from Daenerys and throws it to the floor. She turns Daenerys' hands to reveal her palms, unburnt. She looks at daenerys, unbelieving)

(Daenerys turns Irri's hands to reveal her palms red)

Daenerys Targaryen: You're hurt.
________________________________________
[ WINTERFELL ]

(A raven, sitting on wood, crows. The camera turns to Brandon Stark, aiming a bow at it. He lowers the bow and the raven flies away. He follows it. He follows the raven into a candle lit archway leading to the crypts. The raven lands on a wolf statue leading to the crypts and crows. He stares at it. It flies away, into the crypts. The scene changes to brans bedroom. The camera moves into bran, sleeping on the bed. The door opens. Bran wakes, and sits up to see Hodor , smiling, holding a saddle. Bran smiles as Hodor nods to the saddle.)

(Woods: Bran is riding a horse)

Brandon Stark: Woohoo!

Robb Stark: Not too fast.

Brandon Stark: Come on, Dancer.

Theon Greyjoy: When are you gonna tell him?

(Theon and Robb are sitting on a bench)

(Bran rides Dancer round, circling them)

Robb Stark: Not now.

Theon Greyjoy: Blood for blood.

Brandon Stark: Come on! (he keeps riding)

Theon Greyjoy: You need to make the Lannisters pay for Jory and the others.

Robb Stark: You're talking about w*r.

Bran: Woooohoo!

Theon Greyjoy: I'm talking about justice.

Robb Stark: Only the Lord of Winterfell can call in the bannermen and raise an army.

Theon Greyjoy: A Lannister put his spear through your father's leg. The Kingslayer rides for Casterly Rock where no one can touch him...

Bran:Woohoo!

Robb Stark: You want me to march on Casterly Rock?

Theon Greyjoy: You're not a boy anymore. They att*cked your father. They've already started the w*r. It's your duty to represent your House when your father can't.

Bran: Come on, Dancer.

Robb Stark: And it's not your duty, because it's not your House.(he looks around. he stands up) Where's Bran?

Theon Greyjoy:(he stands up, looks around) I don't know. It's not my House. (walks away)

(Away from Robb and Theon, Bran rides Dancer, slowly, deeper in the woods. He hears a sound and turns his head looking for what it is. A woman moves behind some shrubs, not far from him. He turns his head again, trying to spot something. She comes out from behind him, with three men. They aproach him.)

Brandon Stark: Robb?

(they encircle him)

Osha: All alone in the deep, dark woods.

(Bran looks around)

Brandon Stark: I'm not alone. My brother is with me.

Wildling 1: I don't see him. Got him hidden under your cloak?

Osha: That's a pretty pin. Silver.

(Bran holds the pin on his chest)

Wildling 1: We'll take the pin and the horse. (he brushes the back of the horse's neck) Get down. Be quick about it.

Brandon Stark: I can't. (he looks down at his legs) The saddle... the straps.

(the second wildling moves Bran's cloak to reveal straps on his leg)

Wildling 1:What's wrong with you? You some kind of cr*pple?

Brandon Stark: I'm Brandon Stark of Winterfell! If you don't let me be, I'll have you all k*lled!

('The First' wildling draws a Kn*fe and starts cutting the straps)

Wildling 2: Cut his little cock off and stuff it in his mouth.

Osha: The boy's worth nothing d*ad. (The First keeps cutting the straps) Benjen Stark's own blood? Think, what Mance would give us.

Wildling 1: (he stops cutting) Piss on Mance Rayder, and piss on the North. We're going as far South as South goes. There ain't no White Walkers down in Dorne.

(Robert comes up behind them, holding a sword)

Robb Stark: Drop the Kn*fe. Let him go and I'll let you live.

Wildling 1: (spits at Robb's direction)

(the second wildling runs towards him holding an a*. He swings at Robb from the side, who ducks, and drives it up from below, missing. He turns around, with the a* in the air, and drives it down to meet Robb's sword. Robb pivets his sword, pulling the wildling closer, Robb's sword taking the wilding a* with it, then swings his sword, driving it through the wildings throat, slitting it. Osha come up from behind and hits Robb's back with a broad stick. Robb turns, strikes the stick to the ground, causing her to slip, and pulls her to his side, holding her hair. A third wildling runs up to him with a sword. Robb strikes the blade away and shuves his sword through the wildling's stomoach. The First pulls Bran from the horse to the ground. He holds his Kn*fe to his throat.)

Brandon Stark: Robb! Robb!

Wildling 1: (he looks down at Bran) Shut up! (he looks up at Robb) Drop the blade!

Brandon Stark: No, don't.

Wildling 1: Do it.

(Robb and The First stare at each other. Robb slowly places the blade on the ground)

(THROBB)

Wildling 1:(gasps) (an arrow has pierced his chest. He fall down to reveal theon holding an arrow behind him)

(Theon Greyjoy comes up from behind. He draws another arrow, walking towards Robb, and points it at Osha)

(Robb un-grips Osha's hair and goes to bran. Theon walks up to Osha and stops a foot away, with his arrow still pointing at her)

Robb Stark: Are you all right?

Brandon Stark: Yes. It doesn't hurt.

Theon Greyjoy: Tough little lad. In the Iron Islands, you're not a man until you've k*lled your first enemy. Well done.

Robb Stark: Have you lost your mind? What if you'd missed?

Theon Greyjoy: He would have k*lled you and cut Bran's throat.

Robb Stark: You don't have the right...

Theon Greyjoy: To what, to save your brother's life? It was the only thing to do, so I did it.

Robb Stark: What about her?

Osha: Give me my life, my Lord, and I'm yours(she begs with her hands together)

Robb Stark: We'll keep her alive.

(she sighs a cry of joy)
________________________________________
[ THE VALE OF ARRYN - SKY CELLS ]

(Tyrion's backside. He awakens and turns, rolling down, towards the edge of the steep floor. he stops, looking down at the misty atmosphere below. he backs away and stands up, goes towards the door.)

Tyrion Lannister: Mord! (he bangs at the door) Turnkey! Mord!

(the sound of a key turning and a door opening. Then Tyrion's door opens. Mord comes in.)

Mord: Dwarf man making noise! (he hits Tyrion, making him back away 'till his back is against the wall.)

Tyrion Lannister: How would you like to be rich?

Mord: (he hits tyrion again) Dwarf man still making noise.

Tyrion Lannister: My family is rich. We have gold, lots of gold. I'm prepared to give you lots of gold in...

(Mord searhes Tyrion's pockets)

Mord: No gold!

Tyrion Lannister: Well, I don't have it here.

Mord: (he hits him again) No gold. f*ck off.

(Mord walks away, out of the cell, closes then locks the door. Tyrion walks away from the wall and looks at the outside of the cell)
________________________________________
[ KINGS LANDING - TRAINING ROOM ]

(Syrio closes the door and turns, with two wooden swords in hand, to walk up to Arya. He throws one at Arya, who catches it, and makes a dancing stance, a foot away from her)

Arya Stark: I don't want to practice today.

Syrio Forel: (gets out of the stance) No?

Arya Stark: They k*lled Jory. My father is hurt. I don't care about stupid wooden swords.

Syrio Forel: (he walks towards her) You are troubled.

Arya Stark: Yes.

Syrio Forel: (he rattles his sword close to her face) Good! Trouble is the perfect time for training. When you are dancing in the meadow with your dolls and kittens, this is not when fighting happens.

Arya Stark: I don't like dolls and k...(he swipes her arm with his sword)

Syrio Forel: You're not here. You're with your trouble. If you are with your trouble when fighting happens...

(he steps back as she advances. She parries, then he turns, around her sword, to be right in front of her, causing her to fall)

Syrio: More trouble for you. Just so. How can you be quick as a snake... (they fight, as she stands up) Or as quiet as a shadow... (their swords meet again. Syrio disarms her by taking her sword with his hand and quickly turns to place his, and her sword, at her neck) When you are somewhere else? (he removes the swords and holds them in one hand. He places his hand on her shoulder) You are fearing for your father. (she nods) That is right. Do you pray to the Gods?

Arya Stark: The old and the new.

Syrio Forel: There is only one God and his name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death (he lifts her head up with his finger on her chin) : "Not today."

(he steps back and makes a dancing stance. Arya takes a step back as he advances)
________________________________________
[ VAES DOTHRAK - TENT ]

(A heart is held. Dothraki chant as Dany sinks her teeth in, bites a chunk out, and chews it.)

Viserys Targaryen: She has to eat the whole heart? (Viserys is standing amidst the dothraki crowd with Jorah) I hope that wasn't my horse.

(Dany continues to eat, kneeling on a wooden platform. A priestess in front of her sings in dothraki, moving her arms in the air)

Jorah Mormont: She's doing well.

(Khal Drogo looks at Daenerys, a few feet away in front. She rips a chunk out and Drogo nods)

Viserys Targaryen: She'll never keep it down. (the priestess sings louder) Tell me what she's saying.

Jorah Mormont: "The prince is riding. I have heard the thunder of his hooves. Swift as the wind he rides. His enemies will cower before him... And their wives will weep tears of blood." She's going to have a boy.

Viserys Targaryen: He won't be a real Targaryen. He won't be a true Dragon.

(Dany eats the last chunk of the heart as the Priestess continues to sing. Dany chokes and drops, one hand on the ground, the other on her mouth. She vomits. Then pushes the bits back into her mouth. Gasping, she lifts herself back to her knees. She swallows the heart. Drogo smiles at her)

(the priestess speaks in dothraki)

Jorah Mormont: "The stallion who mounts the world. The stallion is the Khal of Khals. He shall unite the people into a single Khalasar. All the people of the world will be his herd".

Daenerys Targaryen: (she stands up and speaks in dothraki) A Prince rides inside me! And he shall be called Rhaegol!

(The Khallasar chants "Rhaegol! Rhaegol! Rhaegol! Rhaegol!....")

Viserys Targaryen: They love her.

(Drogo walks to her and lifts her up, his arms wrapped around her waist, and carries her around the platform. the crowd moves forward, encircling Dany. "Rhaegol! Rhaegol! Rhaegol! Rhaegol!......", the khalasar chants as the priestess screams)

Jorah Mormont: She truly is a queen today. (he looks beside him, no one)

("Rhaegol! "Rhaegol! "Rhaegol! "Rhaegol! "Rhaegol! "Rhaegol!......)

(A tent: Someone opens a chest. Inside, three dragon eggs. Viserys looks at them. Kneeling down, he heaves a sigh. Then puts one inside a bag. As he reaches for the second, someone enters the tent. He stands up, a quarter of his sword unsheathed, and turns. He sees Jorah)

Jorah Mormont: Don't let them see you carrying a sword in Vaes Dothrak. You know the law.

Viserys Targaryen: (sheaths his sword) It's not my law.(turns and puts another egg in the bag)

Jorah Mormont: They don't belong to you.

Viserys Targaryen: Whatever is hers is also mine. (and another)

Jorah Mormont: Once, perhaps.

(Viserys stares at the bag. He turns to Jorah)

Viserys Targaryen: If I sell one egg, I'll have enough to buy a ship. Two eggs... a ship and an army.

Jorah Mormont: And you have all three.

Viserys Targaryen: I need a large army. (takes a step closer holding the bag) I'm the last hope of a dynasty, Mormont. The greatest dynasty this world has ever seen on my shoulders since I was five years old... And no one has ever given me what they gave to her in that tent. Never. Not a piece of it. How can I carry what I need to carry without it? Who can rule without wealth or fear or love? (smiles, walking up to him) You stand there, all nobility and honor. (a foot away) You don't think I see you looking at my little sister? Don't think I know what you want?. ...(they stare at each other) ...I don't care. You can have her. She can be Queen of the savages, and dine on the finest bloody horseparts, and you can dine on whichever parts of her you like. But let me go(stepping aside. Jorah steps to him)

Jorah Mormont: You can go. You can't have the eggs.

Viserys Targaryen: You swore an oath to me. Does loyalty mean nothing to you?

Jorah Mormont: It means everything to me.

Viserys Targaryen: And yet here you stand.

Jorah Mormont: And yet here I stand.

(Viserys stares at Jorah with anger. He drops the bag. Jorah steps aside as Viserys stares at him. Viserys then leaves the tent)
________________________________________
[ THE VALE - SKY CELLS ]

(Tyrion's hands are against the door)

Tyrion Lannister: Mord!. .....Mord!. .....Mord!. .....(he kicks the door, once, twice, thrice) ....Mord!

(as the door opens, Tyrion backs away. Mord enters, holding a stick, and hits Tyrion, causing him to fall)

Mord: (above Tyrion) Noise again!

Tyrion Lannister:. ...About the gold...

Mord: (hits Tyrion) No gold! (waving the stick at him) No gold.

Tyrion Lannister: Listen to me! Listen to me...Sometimes possession is an abstract concept...(gets h*t on the arm by Mord) When they captured me they took my purse, but the gold is still mine.

Mord: (pointing the stick) Where?

Tyrion Lannister: Where? I don't know where (gets h*t on his leg) , but when they free me...

Mord: You want free? (points his stick at the outside) Go be free.

Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever heard the phrase "Rich as a Lannister"? (Mord looks at him, interested) Of course you have! You're a smart man. You know who the Lannisters are. I am a Lannister. Tyrion, son of Tywin! And of course, you have also heard the phrase, "A Lannister always pays his debts." If you deliver a message from me( starts to stand, causing Mord to raise his stick) ... to Lady Arryn, I will be in your debt. I will owe you gold. If you deliver the message and I live, which I very much intend to do.

Mord:. ......What message?

Tyrion Lannister: (he stands up, Mord raises his stick up again, and takes a step back) Tell her I wish to confess my crimes.

(Court: Metal knocking on wood. Catelyn turns her eyes to looks at Lord Robyn, hitting his armrest with his ring seated next to Lysa)

Lysa Arryn: (to Tyrion) You wish to confess your crimes?

Tyrion Lannister: Yes my Lady. I do, my Lady.

(Tyrion's looking up at Lysa, who's sitting high above at an elevated level)

Lysa Arryn: (turns to Catelyn, who's standing next to Robyn) The sky cells always break them. (turns to Tyrion) Speak, Imp. Meet your Gods as an honest man.

(Tyrion looks around at the people gathered)

Tyrion Lannister: Where do I begin, my Lords and Ladies? I'm a vile man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting. I have lied and cheated, gambled and whored. I'm not particularly good at v*olence, (Catelyn looks on) but I'm good at convincing others to do v*olence for me. (Bronn looks on, aside a pillar, secluded from the crowd) You want specifics, I suppose. When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river. I stole her robe. She was forced to return to the castle naked and in tears. (eyes closed) If I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing. (the members of court murmur, Bronn smiles, and Tyrion opens his eyes) When I was 10, I stuffed my Uncle's boots with goatshit. When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire. Poor boy was flogged and I escaped justice(Bronn keeps smiling) . When I was 12, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. (the crowd gasps, outraged. Bronn lightly chuckles) I flogged the one-eyed snake. (chuckles and gasps sound in the air) I skinned my sausage. I made the bald man cry....(he rattles his chains, shaking his hand below his belly) into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate, at least I hope she did. I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel...

Lysa Arryn: (stands) Silence!

Robin Arryn: What happened next?

Lysa Arryn: What do you think you're doing?

Tyrion Lannister: Confessing my crimes.

Catelyn Stark: Lord Tyrion, You are accused of hiring a man to slay my son Bran in his bed, and of conspiring to m*rder my sister's husband Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King.

Tyrion Lannister: I'm very sorry. I don't know anything about all that.

Lysa Arryn: You've had your little joke. I trust you enjoyed it. Mord! (Mord steps forward) Take him back to the dungeon. But this time find a smaller cell, with a steeper floor.

Tyrion Lannister: Is this how justice is done in the Vale? (Mord steps back, smiling at Tyrion) You accuse me of crimes, (looking around at the court members) I deny them, so you throw me into a cell to freeze and starve? Where is the King's justice? (looks at Lysa) I am accused and demand a trial!

(Catelyn looks at Lysa)

Lysa Arryn: (looks at the crowd, then back at Tyrion) If you're tried and found guilty, then by the King's own laws you will pay with your life.

Tyrion Lannister: I understand the law.

Lysa Arryn: We have no executioner in the Eyrie. Life is more elegant here. (turns her head to her left) Open the Moon Door.

(two men walk to a wheel and turn it)

(Robyn giggles as a round door on the ground, a foot away from Tyrion, opens)

Lysa Arryn: You want a trial, my Lord Lannister. Very well. My son will listen to whatever you have to say, and you will hear his judgment. Then you will leave... By one door or the other.

Tyrion Lannister: No need to bother Lord Robin. I demand a trial by combat.

(the members start to laugh. Lysa looks at the members, uncertain. She turns to Catelyn, who looks back worried. She then turns back to Tyrion)

Lysa Arryn: You have that right.

(a knight from the crowd approaches)

Knight 1: I beg the honor. Let me be your champion.

Knight 2: The honor should be mine.(standing amongs the member of court) For the love I bore your Lord husband, let me avenge his death.

Knight 3: I'll fight for you.(from the crowd)

Knight 4: It'll be my honor.(from the crowd)

Knight 5: The honor should be mine.(from the crowd)

Robin Arryn: Make the bad man fly!

Lysa Arryn: (to a knight, standing behind Tyrion) Ser Vardis... You're quiet. Don't you want to avenge my husband?

Vardis Egan: (steps forward) With all my heart, my Lady (he kneels. Catelyn looks at him) But the Imp is half my size. It would be shameful to slaughter such a man and call it justice.

Tyrion Lannister: Agreed.

Lysa Arryn: You demanded a trial by combat.

Tyrion Lannister: Now I demand a champion. I have that right, same as you.

Vardis Egan: (stands) I will gladly fight the Imp's champion, for you.

Tyrion Lannister: I wouldn't be too glad, Ser. I name my brother Jaime Lannister.

(whispers sound amongst the members)

Lysa Arryn: The Kingslayer is hundreds of miles from here.

Tyrion Lannister: Send a raven for him. I'm happy to wait.

Lysa Arryn: (shakes her head) The trial will be today.

Tyrion Lannister: (turns around) Do I have a volunteer? (members chuckle) Anyone? (Robyn giggles) Anyone? (Robyn giggles as the members continue chuckle. Tyrion turns to Lysa)

Lysa Arryn: I think we can assume that no one is willing...

Bronn: I'll stand for the dwarf.

(Catelyn and Lysa look at Bronn. Tyrion turns to Bronn, smiling. Bronn shrugs at him)
________________________________________
[ THE KINGSWOOD ]

(Robert, Lancel, Renly, and Selmy walk through the forest. Robert in front, holding a spear, lancel just behind him, holding wine, Renly behind Lancel, also holding a spear, and Selmy behind Renly.)

Lancel Lannister: (Walks up to Robert) More wine, your Grace?

(they all stop walking as Robert takes the wineskin from Lancel and takes a chug. He gives it back and they resume walking. Lancel steps back to be between Renly and Selmy)

Robert Baratheon: Now, what was I saying?

Renly Baratheon: A simpler time.

Robert Baratheon: It was. It was. You're too young to remember. Wasn't it simpler, Selmy?

Barristan Selmy: It was, your Grace.

Robert Baratheon: The enemy was right in the open, vicious as you like, all but sending you a bloody invitation. Nothing like today.

Renly Baratheon: It sounds exhilarating.

Robert Baratheon: Exhilarating, yes. Not as exhilarating as those b*lls and masquerades you like to throw (starts a hearty laugh as Renly swallows his irritation) (They continue to walk, deeper in the woods) You ever f*ck a Riverlands girl?

Renly Baratheon: Once. I think.

Robert Baratheon: You think? I think you'd remember. Back in our day, you weren't a real man until you'd f*cked one girl from each of the Seven Kingdoms and the Riverlands. We used to call it "making the eight."

(Selmy moves up to be infront of Lancel)

Renly Baratheon: Those were some lucky girls.

Robert Baratheon: You ever make the eight, Barristan?

Barristan Selmy: I don't believe so, your Grace.

Robert Baratheon: Those were the days.

Renly Baratheon: Which days, exactly? (renly stops walking and Robert turns to him) The ones where half of Westeros fought the other half and millions d*ed? (the rest of the party stop as well) Or before that, when the Mad King slaughtered women and babies because the voices in his head told him they deserved it? Or way before that, when dragons b*rned whole cities to the ground?!

Robert Baratheon: Easy, boy. You might be my brother, but you're speaking to the King.

Renly Baratheon: I suppose it was all rather heroic... If you were drunk enough and had some poor Riverlands whore to shove your prick inside and make the eight. (he slaps his spear to his other hand and walks off in anger. Robert looks at him. Lancel walks to Robert)

Lancel Lannister: More wine, your Grace?

(Robert grabs the wine and takes a long swig from it. He shoves it at Lancel's chest and walks away. Lancel looks back at Selmy and then follows Robert. Selmy looks on at Lancel as he resumes walking)
________________________________________
[ KINGS LANDING - THRONE ROOM ]

(A person's back is seen some feet away from the Iron Chair. Ned Stark is seated on the Iron Chair, with grand maester Pycelle seated on a chair to his left and Petyr Baelish to his right, sitting on a chair with a feather and papers on his lap)

Farmer: They b*rned most everything in the Riverlands (A Farmer, standing some feet away from Ned) : our fields, our granaries, (some farmers behind him look down, sullen) our homes. They took our women, then they took 'em again. When they was done, they butchered them as if they was animals. They covered our children in pitch, and lit them on f*re (his voice croaks as he tries not to cry)

Maester Pycelle: Brigands, most likely.

Farmer: They weren't thieves. They didn't steal nothing. (one of the farmers shakes his head) They even left something behind, your Grace.

Maester Pycelle: It's the King's Hand you're addressing, (Ned looks at him) not the King. The King is hunting.

(the farmer throws a sack to the floor and lifts it from the bottom side. Fish fall out)

(people at court murmur and exlaim, appalled)

Petyr Baelish: Fish. The Sigil of House Tully. (he leans his head towards Ned Stark and whispers) Isn't that your wife's house... Tully, my Lord Hand?

Eddard Stark: (to the farmer) These men, were they flying a Sigil? A banner?

Farmer: None, your... Hand. The one who was leading them... Taller by a foot than any man I've ever met, saw him cut the blacksmith in two, saw him take the head off a horse with a single swing of his sword.

Petyr Baelish: (still leaning) That sounds like someone we know. The Mountain.

Eddard Stark: (to the farmer) You're describing Ser Gregor Clegane.

Maester Pycelle: Why should Ser Gregor turn brigand? The man is an anointed knight.

Petyr Baelish: (to Pycelle) I've heard him called Tywin Lannister's mad dog. I'm sure you have as well. (to Ned, voice lowered) Can you think of any reason the Lannisters might possibly have for being angry with your wife? (he stares at Ned, who stares back. Ned turnes back to the farmer)

Maester Pycelle: If the Lannisters were to order att*cks on villages under the King's protection, it would be...

Petyr Baelish: That would be almost as brazen as attacking the Hand of the King in the streets of the capital.(Pycelle mumbles to himself. Petyr and Ned exchange stares. Ned turns to the farmer)

Eddard Stark: I cannot give you back your homes or restore your d*ad to life, but perhaps I can give you justice, in the name of our King, Robert. Lord Beric Dondarrion. (Berric steps forward from the crowd) (to Berric) You shall have the command. Assemble 100 men and ride to Ser Gregor's keep.

Beric Dondarrion: As you command.

(Ned stands with his stick, slightly struggling.)

Eddard Stark: (to Berric) In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the first of his name, King of the Andals and the first men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and protector of the realm, I charge you to bring the King's justice to the false knight Gregor Clegane and all those who shared in his crimes. I denounce him and attaint him. (gasps, murmurs, and voices of outrage sound at court) I strip him of all ranks and titles, of all lands and holdings, and sentence him to death.

Maester Pycelle: (stands up, outraged) My Lord. This is a drastic action. It would be better to wait for King Robert's return.

Eddard Stark: Grand Maester Pycelle.

Maester Pycelle: My Lord.

Eddard Stark: Send a raven to Casterly Rock. Inform Tywin Lannister that he has been summoned to Court to answer for the crimes of his bannermen. He will arrive within the fortnight or be branded an enemy of the crown and a traitor to the realm.

(Ned leaves Pycelle standing. Petyr puts the quill in his book, leaves them on the chair, and follows Ned. He walks with Ned, who's taking steps down from the Throne Stand)

Petyr Baelish: (to Ned, voice lowered) A bold move, my Lord, and admirable. But is it wise to yank the lion's tail? Tywin Lannister is the richest man in all the Seven Kingdoms. (He stops walking) (voice raised) Gold wins wars, not soldiers.

Eddard Stark: (walking on the Throne Room floor) Then how come Robert is King and not Tywin Lannister? (walks away)
________________________________________
[ The Vale of Arryn-Court ]

(A wheel is being turned by two men. As they turn it, the Moon Door opens. They stop turning, and mist hovers below the door. Ser Vadis loweres his helm as a servant gives Bronn, who's holding a sword, a shield. Ser Vadis grabs a shield from a servant as well. They stand a few feet away from each other, as Tyrion looks at Bronn. Catelyn looks on at them from above, beside Lysa and Robyn)

Robyn Arryn: (Lord Robyn stands and signals with the throw of his fist) Fight!

(Bronn and Vadis walk towards each other and their swords meet In the air. Ser Vadis swings as Bronn evades. Ser Vadis continues to att*ck, leading Bronn towards a wall. Bronn strikes away Vadis' att*cks as he backs away up some steps. Vadis Drive his sword down above Bronn, who jumps over small pillars lining the steps, bearly missing Vadis' steel)

Lysa Arryn: Stand and fight, coward!

(Bronn kicks a stand with lit candles on top of it towards Vadis. Vadis steps over it and walks to Bronn. He swings as Bronn ducks. Again, this time their swords meet. Bronn deflects Vadis' blade. Again, from above, Vadis drives his sword down to lock with Bronn's in the air. Vadis pushes Bronn towards the Moon Door. Bronn tries to push back as the lock his sword has starts to dwindle. He manages to break the lock and push Ser Vadis away. Ser Vadis lunges again and Bronn keeps striking away, as he keeps backing away from him. Vadis lunges at Bronn, who moves away, causing Vadis to collide with a wall with his shoulder. Bronn pushes a man at Vadis, who moves the man away. As the men and women at court move away from the fight, Vadis continues to att*ck Bronn. As he strikes, Bronn ducks and quickly gets his sword between Vadis' shield and side, slicing him, draws it back and steps away. Lysa gasps)

Tyrion Lannister: Yes! (Catelyn looks at Tyrion, who pushes his lower lip with his tongue from the inside)

(Vadis lifts his helm, panting)

Lysa Arryn: (to Vadis) Enough, Ser Vardis! Finish him! (she looks at Tyrion, who returns the glare. Vadis looks at Lysa, then Bronn. He lowers his helm, and they resume fighting)

(Bronn ducks Vadis' att*cks. Vadis advances and swings his swords at Bronn, who strikes it. Vadis' drives his shield down at Bonn and Bronn hits it, turns and drives his swords up Vadis' back, who yells and falls to his knees. Tyrion grins. Vadis slumpers up and runs at Bronn, who trips him with his foot, and falls down beside the Moon Door. Bronn kicks away Vadis' shield. On his knees, Vadis lifts his sword and Bronn holds up high the arm that holds it. He positions his sword high in the air and looks at Lysa. Cries of "No!" echo in the court. Lysa looks, shocked, as Catelyn closes her eyes. He drives his sword through, between Vadis' helmet and chest. People gasp, as blood pours down Vadis' neck. Bronn throws Vadis' arm into the Moon Door, Vadis' body with it.)

Robin Arryn: (smiling) (to Lysa) Is it over?

(Lysa stares at the mist below the Moon Door. She looks up to Bronn, angry)

Lysa Arryn: You don't fight with honor!

Bronn: No. (He looks at the Moon Door, points, and looks back at Lysa) He did.

(Tyrion walks to Mord, who unshackles him. He walks towards Rodrick)

Robin Arryn:(to Lysa) Can I make the little man fly now?

Tyrion Lannister: Not this little man. This little man is going home. (he stops a foot away from an elevated level overlooking him, where Rodrick is standing amongst members of the court) (looking up to Rodrick) I believe you have something of mine.

(Rodrick turns to Catelyn, standing some feet away. She nods at him. He takes a bag out of his pocket and throws it at Tyrion. As Tyrion catches it, coins rattle from inside. He bows to Lysa as he steps back and walks away. Bronn nods to Lysa and walks to Tyrion, who throws the bag to Mord. Bronn and Tyrion walk to the doors, which the guards in front open, and leave court,)

Tyrion Lannister: A Lannister always pays his debts. (walking away, as Mord smiles while looking at the bag. The doors behind Tyrion close)
________________________________________
[ KINGS LANDING - SANSA'S ROOM ]

(Septa Mordane knits, sitting on a chair. Sansa does the same on her chair, in front of Mordane.)

(Mordane stops knitting and looks at Sansa)

Septa Mordane: You wear your hair like a real southern lady now.

Sansa Stark: Well, why shouldn't I? We're in the South.

Septa Mordane: (resumes knitting) It's important to remember where you come from. I'm not sure your mother would like these new styles.

Sansa Stark: My mother isn't from the North.

Septa Mordane: I'm aware of that.

Sansa Stark: (looks at Mordane) Why do you care? Do you even have hair under there?

Septa Mordane: Yes, I have hair.

Sansa Stark: I've never seen it.

Septa Mordane: Would you like to?

Sansa Stark: (looks at Mordane) No. Where are you from anyway? The North or the South?

Septa Mordane: I come from a very small village in...

Sansa Stark: Oh, wait. I just realized, I don't care.(continues knitting)

Septa Mordane: Sansa...

Sansa Stark: (stops knitting and looks up at Mordane) Septa.

(a door leading to the room, some feet away, opens)

Septa Mordane: (to Sansa) Now you are being rude.

(Joffrey walks into the room and Sansa and Mordane stand. As Joffrey walks to Sansa, Mordane makes courtsey)

Septa Mordane: My Prince.

Sansa Stark: (Courtseys) My Prince.

Joffrey Baratheon: (bowing in front of Sansa) My Lady. I fear I have behaved monstrously the past few weeks. (he shows her a necklace he's holding) With your permission?

(she turns, smiling. Joffrey puts it around her neck. She moves her pony tails to her front and holds the heart on the necklace)

Sansa Stark: (turning to Joffrey) It's beautiful, like the one your mother wears.

Joffrey Baratheon: You'll be Queen someday. It's only fitting you should look the part. (he looks down, then back up to Sansa) Will you forgive me for my rudeness?

Sansa Stark: There's nothing to forgive.

Joffrey Baratheon: You're my Lady. One day we'll be married in the throne room. (Sansa smiles) Lords and ladies from all over the Seven Kingdoms will come, from the last hearth in the North to the Salt Shore in the South, and you will be Queen over all of them. (Sansa smiles. Mordane, some feet away, looks down at the floor, unconvinced) I'll never disrespect you again. I'll never be cruel to you again. Do you understand me? You're my Lady now, from this day....(he touches her cheek with his hands) until my last day.

(he moves in and they kiss. After the kiss, Sansa smiles.)
________________________________________
[ WINTERFELL - IN THE WOODS OUTSIDE THE CASTLE ]

(A horse rides a cart passed some people going the other way. Ros sits at the back of the cart with some turnips beside her. Theon comes up from behind riding a horse.)

Theon Greyjoy: (to the cart) Stop! Stop!

(the man riding the horse stops. Theon stops in front of Ros)

Theon: (to Ros) What are you doing?

Ros: Going to King's Landing.

Theon Greyjoy: In a turnip cart?

Ros: I'll find a ship heading south in White Harbor.

Theon Greyjoy: You can afford that?

Ros: Some of my friends are more generous than others.

Theon Greyjoy: There's a thousand girls like you in King's Landing.

Ros: So I'll have lots of company.

Theon Greyjoy: Yes, you'll be very popular. Until some fat lord comes to visit with a big belly and a little prick and he can't get it up so he knocks all your teeth out.

Ros: (chuckles) And what will happen to me if I stay here? Will I become Lady Greyjoy? Mistress of the Iron Islands?

Theon Greyjoy: Don't be a fool.

Ros: I hear Jaime Lannister att*cked Lord Stark in the streets of King's Landing. Every man for a hundred miles will be marching off to w*r soon. Most of them will never come back. There's nothing left for me here. (to the rider) Let's go, Stefon.

(they start to ride off, leaving Theon)

Theon Greyjoy: Let me see it one more time!

Ros: See what?

(Theon throws a coin at Ros. She catches it, then lifts her dress to reveal he c**t. He looks. She laughs, then covers it.)

Theon Greyjoy: I'm going to miss you.

Ros: I know.

(she rides away as Theon looks on)
________________________________________
[ KINGS LANDING - THE HAND CHAMBERS ]

(Ned walks with his stick up to Sansa and Arya, both sitting on his bed.)

Eddard Stark: I'm sending you both back to Winterfell.

Sansa Stark: What?

Eddard Stark: Listen.

Sansa Stark: What about Joffrey?

Arya Stark: Are you dying because of your leg? Is that why you're sending us home?

Eddard Stark: What? No.

Sansa Stark: Please, father.

Arya Stark: You can't. I've got my lessons with Syrio. I'm finally getting good.

Eddard Stark: This isn't a punishment. I want you back for your own safety.

Arya Stark: Can we take Syrio back with us?

Sansa Stark: Who cares about your stupid dancing teacher? I can't go. I'm supposed to marry Prince Joffrey. I love him and I'm meant to be his Queen and have his babies.

Arya Stark: Seven hells.

Eddard Stark: When you're old enough, I'll make you a match with someone who's worthy of you, someone brave, gentle and strong...

Sansa Stark: I don't want someone brave, gentle and strong. I want him! (Arya smiles and lightly chuckles. Ned tries not to smile, looking down) He'll be the greatest King that ever was, a golden lion, and I'll give him sons with beautiful blond hair.

(Ned looks up, pondering)

Arya Stark: The lion's not his sigil, idiot. (Ned keeps wondering) He's a stag, like his father.

Sansa Stark: He is not. He's nothing like that old drunk King.

Eddard Stark: Go on girls, get your Septa and start packing your things. (Ned turns away and walks to his desk)

Sansa:Wait!

Arya Stark: (she grabs Sansa's arm and pulls her towards the door) Come on.

Sansa Stark: But it's not fair! (Arya opens the door and leaves with Sansa, who quickly turns her head back at Ned before being pulled out of the room)

(Ned sits on a chair and opens a book on his desk, The Lineages of The Great Houses of Westeros. He turns a few pages before stopping at House Baratheon)

Eddard Stark: "Lord Orys Baratheon, black of hair. Axel Baratheon, black of hair. Lyonel Baratheon, black of hair. Steffon Baratheon, black of hair. (he turns a page) Robert Baratheon, black of hair. Joffrey Baratheon... Golden-head." (he looks up, shocked, and closes the book)
________________________________________
[ VAES DOTHRAK - TENT ]

(A woman enters a tent with a platter of food. Women dance around a f*re with their tits showing. Daenerys' laughs with her maids, as a Dothraki beats the drums. The music throbbs. Irri stands next to Khal Drogo, who talks to some dothraki, as a host of people celebrate Daenerys' feast. Viserys stumbles into the tent.)

Viserys Targaryen: Daenerys!

(Jorah Mormont, seated beside Daenerys, looks at Viserys)

Viserys Targaryen: Where's my sister?

Daenerys Targaryen: (leans towards Jorah) Stop him.

(Jorah stands up and walks to Viserys)

Viserys Targaryen: Where is she? Where is she? (turns around, looking for her) I'm here for the feast. The whore's feast?

(Jorah grabs Viserys' shoulder from behind)

Jorah Mormont: Come.

Viserys Targaryen: (turns to Jorah and shrugs his shoulder off) Get your hands off me! No one touches the Dragon!

(Khal drogo laughs with a dothraki, some feet away from Viserys. Viserys spots him) (to Khal drogo) Khal Drogo! I'm here for the feast.

(Drogo says something to Viserys in dothraki as he points his hand, holding wine, to a spot next to Viserys)

Jorah Mormont: Khal Drogo says there is a place for you. (points behind Viserys, further away from the center of the feast) Back there.

Viserys Targaryen: (shakes his head) That is no place for a King.

Khal Drogo: You are no King.

Viserys Targaryen: (he draws his sword. Jorah takes a step towards him and Viserys point his blade at his face) Keep away from me!

Daenerys Targaryen: Viserys! Please.

Viserys Targaryen: (he turns his head and spots Daenerys) There she is. (walks towards her, pointing his sword at her)

Jorah Mormont: Put the sword down. They'll k*ll us all!

Viserys Targaryen: They can't k*ll us. (pointing his sword again at Jorah) (Drogo mutters to his dothraki soldier, who then gets up) They can't shed blood in their sacred city. (he points his sword at various people around him. he turns and reaches Daenerys. He points his sword at a maid who tries to block him. Daenerys pulls the maid back, and the sword shifts back to Daenerys. He lowers it down to her belly) But I can. I want what I came for. (Irri starts mutterring to Drogo, translating) I want the crown he promised me. He bought you. But he never paid for you. Tell him I want what was bargained for or I'm taking you back. He can keep the baby. I'll cut it out and leave it for him.

(Drogo speaks in dothraki to Viserys)

Viserys: What's he saying?

Daenerys Targaryen: He says yes. You shall have a golden crown... that men shall tremble to behold.

(Viserys looks at drogo, who's staring at him intensely. Viserys looks back at Daenerys)

Viserys Targaryen: That was all I wanted. (he smiles, relieved) What was promised. (he looks at Drogo)

(Viserys takes a step back, still smiling, away from Daenerys, as Drogo walks to her. Drogo touches her belly with his hand. Her hand touches his. Drogo says something in dothraki as two of his men come up from behind Viserys and break his arm)

Viserys: (Screams) No! You cannot touch me! (they pull him away as he struggles) I am the Dragon! I'm a dragon! I want my crown! (Drogo speaks again in dothraki, and his men push Viserys to the ground, still holding him) ,

(Drogo goes to a pot with hot water in it on above a f*re. He empties it and throws some gold chains inside)

Jorah Mormont: Look away, Khaleesi.

Daenerys Targaryen: No.

(Viserys looks at the pot Drogo threw gold the chains in, in horror. He turns to Danaerys)

Viserys Targaryen: Dany, tell them. (the gold melts) Make them! Make them... (he looks at drogo) No, you can't! (back at dany) Dany, please! (Drogo walks to Viserys with the pot)

Khal Drogo: (in front of Viserys) A crown for a King.(he pours the gold from the pot on Viserys' head)

Viserys: (screaming) No! Agghhh! (Drogo crouches down and looks looks in anger at Viserys' melting face. Drogo's men release Viserys as he stops trembling. His body falls to the ground)

Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi.

Daenerys Targaryen: (looking eerily calm at Viserys) He was no Dragon. f*re cannot k*ll a Dragon.

[ END ]

He's att*cked one of my brothers and abducted the other.

Tell your wife to return that little shit of an Imp to King's Landing.

What about Jaime Lannister?

I'm half a kingdom in debt to his bloody father.

We'll talk when I return from the hunt.

The hunt?

You'll have to sit on the throne while I'm away.

You are accused of hiring a man to slay my son Bran in his bed.

I demand a trial by combat.

You have that right.

Do I have a volunteer?

I'll stand for the dwarf.

Grand Maester Pycelle. Send a raven to Casterly Rock.

Inform Tywin Lannister that he has been summoned to court to answer for the crimes of Gregor Clegane or be branded an enemy of the Crown

and a traitor to the realm.

Fight!

I'm sending you both back to Winterfell.

What? I'm supposed to marry Prince Joffrey.

He'll be the greatest king that ever was, a golden lion.

And I'll give him sons with beautiful blond hair.

"Lord Orys Baratheon, black of hair."

"Axel Baratheon, black of hair."

"Robert Baratheon, black of hair."

"Joffrey Baratheon, golden-haired."

I want what I came for. I want the crown he promised me.

No, Dany, please!

A crown for a king.

f*re cannot k*ll a dragon.

? Game of Thrones 1x07 ? You Win or You Die Original Air Date on May 29, 2011

"Summoned to court to answer for the crimes of your bannerman Gregor Clegane, the Mountain"...

Uh, "arrive within the fortnight or be branded an enemy of the Crown."

Poor Ned Stark...

Brave man, terrible judgment.

Attacking him was stupid.

Lannisters don't act like fools.

Are you gonna say something clever?

Go on, say something clever.

Catelyn Stark took my brother.

Why is he still alive?

Tyrion?

Ned Stark.

One of our men interfered, speared him through the leg before I could finish him.

Why is he still alive?

It wouldn't have been clean.

Clean.

You spend too much time worrying about what other people think of you.

I could care less what anyone thinks of me.

That's what you want people to think of you.

It's the truth.

When you hear them whispering

"Kingslayer" behind your back ... doesn't it bother you?

Of course it bothers me.

The lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.

I suppose I should be grateful that your vanity got in the way of your recklessness.

I'm giving you half of our forces ...

30,000 men.

You will bring them to Catelyn Stark's girlhood home and remind her that Lannisters pay their debts.

I didn't realize you placed such a high value on my brother's life.

He's a Lannister.

He might be the lowest of the Lannisters, but he's one of us.

And every day that he remains a prisoner, the less our name commands respect.

So the lion does concern himself with the opinions of ...

No, it's not an opinion. It's a fact.

If another House can seize one of our own and hold him c*ptive with impunity, we are no longer a House to be feared.

Your mother's d*ad.

Before long I'll be d*ad.

And you and your brother and your sister and all of her children. All of us d*ad; all of us rotting in the ground.

It's the family name that lives on.

It's all that lives on.

Not your personal glory, not your honor, but family.

Do you understand?

Hmm.

You're blessed with abilities that few men possess.

You are blessed to belong to the most powerful family in the kingdoms.

And you are still blessed with youth.

And what have you done with these blessings, huh?

You've served as a glorified bodyguard for two kings ... one a madman,

the other a drunk.

The future of our family will be determined in these next few months.

We could establish a dynasty that will last a thousand years.

Or we could collapse into nothing, as the Targaryens did.

I need you to become the man you were always meant to be.

Not next year. Not tomorrow.

Now.

You're in pain.

I've had worse, My Lady.

Perhaps it's time to go home.

The South doesn't seem to agree with you.

I know the truth Jon Arryn d*ed for.

Do you, Lord Stark?

Is that why you called me here, to pose me riddles?

Has he done this before?

Jaime would have k*lled him.

My brother is worth a thousand of your friend.

Your brother...

Or your lover?

The Targaryens wed brothers and sisters for 300 years to keep bloodlines pure.

Jaime and I are more than brother and sister.

We shared a womb.

We came into this world together. We belong together.

My son saw you with him.

Do you love your children?

With all my heart.

No more than I love mine.

And they are all Jaime's.

Thank the Gods.

In the rare event that Robert leaves his whores for long enough to stumble drunk into my bed, I finish him off in other ways.

In the morning, he doesn't remember.

You've always hated him.

Hated him? I worshipped him.

Every girl in the Seven Kingdoms dreamed of him, but he was mine by oath.

And when I finally saw him on our wedding day in the Sept of Baelor, lean and fierce and black-bearded, it was the happiest moment of my life.

Then that night he crawled on top of me, stinking of wine and did what he did ... what little he could do ... and whispered in my ear, "Lyanna."

Your sister was a corpse and I was a living girl and he loved her more than me.

When the King returns from his hunt, I'll tell him the truth.

You must be gone by then ... you and your children.

I will not have their blood on my hands.

Go as far away as you can, with as many men as you can.

Because wherever you go, Robert's wrath will follow you.

And what of my wrath, Lord Stark?

You should have taken the realm for yourself.

Jaime told me about the day King's Landing fell.

He was sitting in the Iron Throne and you made him give it up.

All you needed to do was climb the steps yourself.

Such a sad mistake.

I've made many mistakes in my life, but that wasn't one of them.

Oh, but it was.

When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die.

There is no middle ground.

Come here.

Oh yes, oh.

Oh yes yes yes.

No no no no!

Is that what they teach you up in the North?

And you ... wherever you're from, do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound?

Either of you understand a thing that I'm saying?

Yes, My Lord.

Let's start over, shall we?

You be the man and you be the woman.

Well, go ahead.

Slowly.

You're not fooling them. They just paid you.

They know what you are.

They know it's all just an act.

Your job is to make them forget what they know.

That takes time.

You need to...

Ease into it.

Go ahead.

Ease into it.

He's winning you over in spite of yourself.

You're starting to like this.

He wants to believe you.

He's enjoyed his cock since he was old enough to play with it.

Why shouldn't you? He knows he's better than other men.

He's always known it deep down inside. Now he has proof.

He's so good, he's reaching something deep inside of you that no one even knew was there, overcoming your very nature.

Why don't you join us, My Lord?

I'm saving myself for another.

What she doesn't know won't hurt her.

A stupid saying.

What we don't know is usually what gets us k*lled.

She must be very beautiful.

No, not really. Impeccable bloodlines though.

I do believe My Lord's in love.

For many years. Most of my life really.

Play with her ass.

And she loved me too.

I was her little confidant, her plaything.

She could tell me anything, anything at all.

She told me about all the horses that she liked, the castle she wanted to live in and the man that she wanted to marry.

A northerner with a jaw like an anvil.

So I challenged him to a duel.

I mean, why not?

I'd read all the stories.

The little hero always beats the big villain in all the stories.

In the end, she wouldn't even let him k*ll me.

"He's just a boy," she said.

"Please don't hurt him."

So he gave me a nice little scar to remember him by and off they went.

Is she still married to him?

Oh no.

He got himself k*lled before the wedding...

..And she ended up with his brother, an even more impressive specimen.

She loves him, I'm afraid.

And why wouldn't she?

I mean, who could compare to him?

He's just so...

Good.

Do you know what I learned, losing that duel?

I learned that I'll never win, not that way. That's their game, their rules.

I'm not going to fight them.

I'm going to f*ck them.

That's what I know.

That's what I am.

And only by admitting what we are can we get what we want.

And what do you want?

Oh, everything, my dear.

Everything there is.

Now wash yourselves. Both of you are working tonight.

Hmm.

You're a very lucky girl. Do you know that?

Where I come from, we don't show mercy to criminals.

Where I come from, if someone like you att*cked a little lord?

At low tide we'd lay you on your back on the beach, your hands and feet chained to four stakes.

The sea would come in closer and closer.

You'd see death creeping toward you a few inches at a time.

Where is it you come from?

The Iron Islands.

They far away?

You've never heard of the Iron Islands?

Trust me, you've never heard where I'm from neither.

"Trust me, My Lord."

You're not living in the wilderness anymore.

In civilized lands, you refer to your betters by their proper titles.

And what's that?

Lord.

Why?

Why?

What do you mean why?

My father is Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands.

What's that got to do with you?

If your father's lord, how can you be lord too?

I will be lord after my father ... so you're not lord now?

No, you ...

You having a go at me? Is that it?

I just don't understand how you Southerners do things.

I'm not a Southerner.

You're from South of the wall.

That makes you a Southerner to me.

You're an impudent little wench, aren't you?

Couldn't say, My Lord.

Don't know what "impunent" means.

Impudent. It means rude, disrespectful.

Do you want to lose that chain?

Theon Greyjoy!

The lady is our guest.

I thought she was our prisoner.

Are the two mutually exclusive in your experience?

Chances are I won't be nearby the next time that happens.

I'm used to worse than him.

I'm used to men who could chew that boy up and pick their teeth with his bones.

Why did you come here?

Didn't mean to come here.

Meant to get much further South than this.

As far South as South goes, before the long night comes.

Why? What are you afraid of?

There's things that sleep in the day and hunt at night.

Owls and Shadowcats and ...

I'm not talking about Owls and Shadowcats.

The "things" you speak of ... they've been gone for thousands of years.

They wasn't gone, old man.

They was sleeping.

And they ain't sleeping no more.

I miss girls.

Not even talking to them. I never talked to them.

Just looking at them,

hearing them giggle.

Don't you miss girls?

Riders.

The horn. We have to blow the horn.

Why is he alone?

One blast for a Ranger returning, two for Wildlings, three for ... there's no rider.

Whoa, boy, whoa.

That's my Uncle Benjen's horse.

Where's my Uncle?

Ned!

It's Robert. We were hunting ... a boar ...

I should have spent more time with you, shown you how to be a man.

I was never meant to be a father.

Go on.

You don't want to see this.

My fault.

Too much wine, missed my thrust.

It stinks.

It stinks like death.

Don't think I can't smell it.

I paid the bastard back, Ned.

I drove my Kn*fe right through his brain.

You ask them if I didn't.

Ask them!

I want the funeral feast to be the biggest the Kingdoms ever saw.

And I want everyone to taste the boar that got me.

Now leave us, the lot of you. I need to talk to Ned.

Robert, my sweet ...

Out, all of you!

You damned fool.

Paper and ink on the table, write down what I say.

"In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, first of ... " you know how it goes.

Fill in the damn titles.

"I hereby command Eddard of House Stark ... " titles, titles ...

"to serve as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm upon my death, to rule in my stead until my son Joffrey comes of age."

Give it over.

Give it to the council after I'm d*ad.

At least they'll say I did this right, this one thing.

You'll rule now.

You'll hate it worse than I did, but you'll do it well.

The girl ...

Daenerys.

You were right. Varys, Littlefinger, my brother... Worthless.

No one to tell me "no" but you.

Only you.

Let her live.

Stop it, if it's not too late.

I will.

And my son...

Help him, Ned.

Make him better than me.

I'll...

I'll do everything I can to honor your memory.

My memory.

King Robert Baratheon, m*rder by a pig.

Give me something for the pain and let me die.

Give him milk of the poppy.

He was reeling from the wine.

He commanded us to step aside, but...

I failed him.

No man could have protected him from himself.

I wonder, Ser Barristan, who gave the king this wine?

His squire, from the king's own skin.

His squire? The Lannister boy?

Such a dutiful boy to make sure his Grace did not lack refreshment.

I do hope the poor lad does not blame himself.

His Grace has had a change of heart concerning Daenerys Targaryen.

Whatever arrangements you made, unmake them. At once.

I'm afraid those birds have flown.

The girl is likely d*ad already.

...Throne.

Throne.

Can't you help me make him understand?

The Dothraki do things in their own time, for their own reasons.

Have patience, Khaleesi. We will go home, I promise you.

My brother was a fool, I know, but he was the rightful heir to the Seven Kingdoms.

Have I said something funny, Ser?

Forgive me, Khaleesi, but your ancestor Aegon the Conqueror didn't seize six of the kingdoms because they were his right.

He had no right to them. He seized them because he could.

And because he had dragons.

Ah well, having a few dragons makes things easier.

You don't believe it.

Have you ever seen a dragon, Khaleesi?

I believe what my eyes and ears report.

As for the rest... It was 300 years ago.

Who knows what really happened?

Now if you'll pardon me, I'll seek out the merchant Captain, see if he has any letters for me.

I'll come with you.

No no, don't trouble yourself.

Enjoy the market. I'll rejoin you soon enough.
Psst, Jorah the Andal.

The spider sends his greetings and his congratulations.

A royal pardon ... you can go home now.

Virzetha gizikhven! Mra qora! Mra qora!

My son already has his name, but I'll try your summerwine.

Just a taste.

My Lady, you are from Westeros.

You have the honor of addressing Daenerys of the House Targaryen, Khaleesi of the riding men and princess of the Seven Kingdoms.

Princess.

Rise.

I'd still like to taste that wine.

That? Dornish swill.

Not worthy of a princess.

I have a dry red from the Arbor ... nectar of the Gods.

Let me give you a cask. Uh ... a gift.

You honor me, Ser.

The honor ... the honor is all mine.

Huh-uh, huh-uh.

There are many in your homeland that pray for your return, princess.

I hope to repay your kindness someday.

Rakharo.

Huh.

Is something wrong?

I have a thirst.

Open it.

The wine is for the Khaleesi. It's not for the likes of you.

Open it.

Pour.

It would be a crime to drink a wine this rich without at least giving it time to breathe.

Do as he says.

As the princess commands.

Sweet, isn't it?

Can you smell the fruit, Ser?

Taste it, My Lord.

Tell me that that is not the finest wine that has ever touched your tongue.

You first.

Me?

I'm afraid I am not worthy of the vintage.

Besides, it is a poor wine merchant who would drink up his own wares.

You will drink.

Khaleesi!

Stop him!

Come.

You came to us as outlaws, poachers, rapers, K*llers, thieves.

You came alone, in chains, without friends nor honor.

You came to us rich and you came to us poor.

Some of you bear the names of proud houses, others only bastard names or no names at all.

It does not matter.

All that is in the past.

Here, on the wall, are all one house.

Tonight...

You're allowed to look happy.

You're going to be a Ranger.

Isn't that what you always wanted?

I want to find my Uncle.

I know he's alive out there.

I know he is.

I wish I could help you, but I'm no Ranger.

It's the steward's life for me.

There's honor in being a steward.

Not much, really.

But there's food.

Here you begin anew.

A man of The Night's Watch...

Lives his life for the realm.

Not for a king, or a lord, or the honor of this house

or that house; not for gold nor glory nor a woman's love; but for the realm and all the people in it.

You've all learned the words of the vow.

Think carefully before you say them.

The penalty for desertion is death.

You can take your vows here tonight at sunset.

Do any of you still keep the old Gods?

I do, My Lord.

You'll want to take your vow before a heart tree as your Uncle did.

Yes, My Lord.

You'll find a Weirwood a mile North of the Wall.

And your old Gods too, maybe.

My Lord, might I go as well?

Does house Tarly keep the old Gods?

No, My Lord.

I was named in the light of the Seven, as my father was and his father before him.

Why would you forsake the Gods of your father and your house?

The Night's Watch is my house now.

The Seven have never answered my prayers.

Perhaps the old Gods will.

As you wish, lad.

You've all been assigned an order, according to our needs and your strengths.

Halder to the builders.

Pyp to the stewards.

Toad to the builders.

Grenn to the Rangers.

Samwell to the stewards.

Matthar to the Rangers. Dareon to the stewards.

Balian to the Rangers.

Rast to the Rangers.

Jon to the stewards.

Rancer to the builders.

Echiel to the builders.

Gordo to the stewards.

Niko to the Rangers.

Escan to the Rangers.

Vorkoy to the builders.

Joby to the s*ab.

Mink to the kitchens.

Allo to the builders.

Nelugo to the Rangers.

May all the Gods preserve you.

Rangers with me.

Builders!

Samwell, you will assist me in the rookery and library.

Pyp, you will report to Bowen Marsh in the kitchens.

Luke, report to one-eyed Joe in the s*ab.

Dareon, we are sending you to Eastwatch.

Present yourself to Borcas when you arrive.

Make no comment about his nose.

Jon Snow, Lord Commander Mormont has requested you for his personal steward.

Will I serve the Lord Commander's meals and fetch hot water for his bath.

Certainly.

And keep a f*re burning in his chambers, change his sheets and blankets daily and do everything else the Lord Commander requires of you.

Do you take me for a servant?

We took you for a man of The Night's Watch.

But perhaps we were wrong in that.

May I go?

As you wish.

Jon, wait!

Don't you see what they're doing?

I see Ser Alliser's revenge, that's all.

He wanted it and he got it.

Stewards are nothing but maids!

I'm a better swordsman and rider than any of you!

It's not fair.

Fair?

I was singing for a high lord at Acorn Hall when he put his hand on my leg and he wanted to see my cock.

I pushed him away and he said he'd have my hands cut off for stealing their silver.

So now I'm here ... at the end of the world with no one to sing for but old men and little shits like you.

I'll never see my family again.

I'll never be inside a woman again.

So don't tell me about fair.

I thought you were caught stealing a wheel of cheese for your starving sister?

You think I was gonna tell a bunch of strangers that a high lord tried to grab my cock?

Could you sing me a song, Pyp? I'd like to hear a song.

Now listen to me.

The old man is the Lord Commander of The Night's Watch.

You'll be with him day and night.

Yes, you'll clean his clothes.

But you'll also take his letters, attend him at meetings, squire for him in battle.

You'll know everything, be part of everything.

And he asked for you himself.

He wants to groom you for command.

I just...

I always wanted to be a Ranger.

I always wanted to be a Wizard.

What?

No, I'm serious.

So you'll stay and say your words with me?

Lord Stark, a moment.

Alone if you will.

He named you Protector of the Realm.

He did.

She won't care.

Give me an hour and I can put a hundred swords at your command.

And what should I do with a hundred swords?

Strike! Tonight while the castle sleeps.

We must get Joffrey away fro his mother and into our custody.

Protector of the Realm or no, he who holds the King holds the Kingdom.

Every moment you delay gives Cersei another moment to prepare.

By the time Robert dies, it will be too late for the both of us.

What about Stannis?

Saving the Seven Kingdoms from Cersei and delivering them to Stannis?

You have odd notions about protecting the realm.

Stannis is your older brother.

This isn't about the bloody line of succession.

That didn't matter when you rebelled against the Mad King.

It shouldn't matter now.

What's best for the Kingdoms?

What's best for the people we rule?

We all know what Stannis is.

He inspires no love or loyalty.

He's not a King.

I am.

Stannis is a commander.

He's led men into w*r twice.

He destroyed the Greyjoy fleet ...

Yes, he's a good soldier. Everyone knows that.

So was Robert.

Tell me something:

Do you still believe good soldiers make good kings?

I will not dishonor Robert's last hours by shedding blood in his halls and dragging frightened children from their beds.

You will sail to dragonstone tonight.

You will place this in the hand of Stannis Baratheon.

Not his steward, not his Captain of the guard, and not his wife.

Only Stannis himself.

Yes, My Lord.

Now leave us.

My Lord protector.

The King has no trueborn sons.

Joffrey and Tommen are Jaime Lannister's bastards.

So when the King dies ...

The throne passes to his brother Lord Stannis.

So it would seem.

Unless ... there is no "unless."

He is the rightful heir. Nothing can change that.

And he cannot take the throne without your help.

You would be wise to deny it to him and to make sure Joffrey succeeds.

Do you have a shred of honor?

You are now Hand of the King and Protector of the Realm.

All of the power is yours. You need only reach out and take it.

Make peace with the Lannisters.

Release the Imp. Wed your daughter to Joffrey.

We have plenty of time to get rid of Stannis.

And if Joffrey seems likely to cause problems when he comes into his throne, we simply reveal his little secret and seat Lord Renly there instead.

We?

You'll need someone to share these burdens.

I assure you ... my price would be modest.

What you suggest is treason.

Only if we lose.

Make peace with the Lannisters, you say...

With the people who tried to m*rder my boy.

We only make peace with our enemies, My Lord.

That's why it's called "making peace."

No. I won't do it.

So it will be Stannis and w*r?

There is no other choice.

He is the heir.

So why did you call me here?

Not for my wisdom, clearly.

You promised Catelyn you would help me.

The Queen has a dozen knights and a hundred men-at-arms ... enough to overwhelm what remains of my household guard.

I need the gold cloaks.

The City Watch is 2,000 strong and sworn to defend the King's peace.

Look at you.

You know what you want me to do, you know it has to be done, but it's not honorable so the words stick in your throat.

When the Queen proclaims one King and the Hand proclaims another, whose peace do the Gold Cloaks protect?

Who do they follow?

The man who pays them.

Hear my words and bear witness to my vow.

Night gathers and now my watch begins.

It shall not end until my death.

I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children.

I shall wear no crowns and win no glory.

I shall live and die at my post.

I am the sword in the darkness.

I am the watcher on the walls.

I am the shield that guards the realms of men.

I pledge my li and honor to The Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.

You knelt as boys.

Rise now as men of The Night's Watch.

Well done. Well done.

What's he got there?

To me, ghost. Bring it here.

Gods be good!

What will they do to him?

When the Khalasar rides, he'll be leashed to a saddle, forced to run behind the horses for as long as he can.

And when he falls?

I saw a man last nine miles once.

King Robert still wants me d*ad.

This poisoner was the first. He won't be the last.

I thought he'd leave me alone ... now that my brother is gone.

He will never leave you alone.

If you ride to darkest Asshai, his assassins will follow you.

If you sailed all the way to the Basilisk Isles, his spies would tell him.

He will never abandon the hunt.

You're a Targaryen ... the last Targaryen.

Your son will have Targaryen blood with 40,000 riders behind him.

He will not have my son.

He will not have you either, Khaleesi.

Lord Stark!

Stop!

Ned: No, all right.

It's all right. Let him through.

Lord Stark, King Joffrey and the Queen Regent request your presence in the Throne Room.

King Joffrey?

King Robert is gone.

The Gods give him rest.

All is accomplished. The City Watch is yours.

Good.

Is Lord Renly joining us?

I fear Lord Renly has left the city.

He rode through the old gate an hour before dawn with Ser Loras Tyrell and some 50 retainers.

Last seen galloping South in some haste.

We stand behind you, Lord Stark.

All hail his Grace, Joffrey of Houses Baratheon and Lannister, the first of his name,

King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.

I command the council to make all necessary arrangements for my coronation.

I wish to be crowned within the fortnight.

Today I shall accept oaths of fealty from my loyal councilors.

Ser Barristan, I believe no man here could ever question your honor.

King Robert's seal ... unbroken.

"Lord Eddard Stark is herein named Protector of the Realm, to rule as Regent until the heir come of age."

May I see that letter, Ser Barristan?

Protector of the realm.

Is this meant to be your shield, Lord Stark?

A piece of paper?

Those were the King's words.

We have a new King now.

Lord Eddard, when we last spoke you offered me some counsel.

Allow me to return the courtesy.

Bend the knee, My Lord.

Bend the knee and swear loyalty to my son ... and we shall allow you to live out your days in the gray waste you call home.

Your son has no claim to the throne.

Liar!

You condemn yourself with your own mouth, Lord Stark.

Ser Barristan, seize this traitor.

Ser Barristan is a good man, a loyal man. Do him no harm.

You think he stands alone?

k*ll him! k*ll all of them, I command it!

Commander, take the Queen and her children into custody.

Escort them back to the royal apartments and keep them there, under guard.

Men of the Watch!

I want no bloodshed.

Tell your men to lay down their swords.

No one needs to die.

Now!

I did warn you not to trust me.

( Theme music playing )

Yah! Left high, left low.

Right low, lunge right.

You break anything, the Septa will have my head.

What is ...

Your sister knew perfectly well we were to leave today.

How she could forget ...

She didn't forget.

She's with her dancing master. She's with him every morning.

She always comes back with scrapes and bruises. She's so clumsy.

Hush!

Go back to your room.

Bar the doors and do not open them for anyone you do not know.

What is it? What's happening?

Do as I told you.

Run!

This way!

Left, right. Rah!

Now you are d*ad.

You said right, but you went left.

And now you are a d*ad girl.

Only 'cause you lied.

My tongue lied. My eyes shouted the truth. You were not seeing.

I was so. I watched, but you ... watching is not seeing, d*ad girl.

The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of swordplay.

Arya Stark, come with us.

Your father wants to see you.

And why is it that Lord Eddard is sending Lannister men in place of his own? I am wondering.

Mind your place, dancing master.

This is no

concern of yours.

My father wouldn't send you.

And I don't have to go with you if I don't want.

Take her.

Are you men or snakes, that you would thr*at a child?

Get out of my way, little man.

I am Syrio Forel...

Foreign bastard.

...And you will be speaking to me with more respect.

k*ll the Braavosi. Bring the girl.

Arya child, we are done with dancing for the day.

Run to your father.

Bloody oafs.

Be gone now, Arya.

Come with me. Run.

The first sword of Braavos does not run.

What do we say to the God of death?

Not today.

Go.

Not today. Not today.

Stay away from me.

I'll tell my father.

I'll ... I'll tell the Queen.

Who do you think sent me?

Needle.

There she is.

What do you want?

I want you, wolf girl.

Come here.

Leave me be.

My father's a lord. He'll reward you.

She'll reward me ... the Queen!

Stay away!

Lord Stark, you must be thirsty.

Varys.

I promise you it isn't poisoned.

Why is it no one ever trusts the eunuch?

Not so much, My Lord.

I would save the rest, if I were you.

Hide it. Men have been known to die of thirst in these cells.

What about my daughters?

The younger one seems to have escaped the castle.

Even my little birds cannot find her.

And Sansa?

Still engaged to Joffrey.

Cersei will keep her close. The rest of your household though ... all d*ad, it grieves me to say.

I do so hate the sight of blood.

You watched my men being slaughtered and did nothing.

And would again, My Lord.

I was unarmed, unarmored and surrounded by Lannister swords.

When you look at me do you see a hero?

What madness led you to tell the Queen you had learned the truth about Joffrey's birth?

The madness of mercy.

That she might save her children.

Ah, the children.

It is always the innocents who suffer.

It wasn't the wine that k*lled Robert, nor the boar.

The wine slowed him down and the boar ripped him open, but it was your mercy that k*lled the King.

I trust you know you are a d*ad man, Lord Eddard?

The Queen can't k*ll me.

Cat holds her brother.

The wrong brother sadly.

And lost to her.

Your wife has let the Imp slip through her fingers.

If that's true, then slit my throat and be done with it.

Not today, My Lord.

Tell me something, Varys.

Who do you truly serve?

The Realm, My Lord.

Someone must.

It's Othor, without a doubt.

The other one is Jafer Flowers, My Lord,

less the hand

the wolf tore off.

Any sign of Benjen or the rest of his party?

Just these two, My Lord.

Been d*ad awhile, I'd say.

Mmm.

The smell.

What smell?

There is none.

If they'd be d*ad for a long time, wouldn't there be rot?

We should burn them.

Snow's not wrong, My Lord. f*re will do for them.

The Wildling way.

I want Maester Aemon to examine them first.

You may be a coward, Tarly,

but you're not stupid.

Get them inside.

You heard him.

Lord Commander, Maester Aemon awaits you in his chambers ... a raven from King's Landing.

Come on, move 'em out.

Bring me a horn of ale, Snow,

and pour one

for yourself.

The King is d*ad.

Is there any word of my father?

Sit.

Lord Stark has been charged with treason.

They say he conspired with Robert's brothers to deny the throne to Prince Joffrey.

I hope you're not thinking

of doing anything stupid.

Your duty lies here now.

My sisters were in King's Landing too.

I'm sure they'll be treated gently.

Your father has proved to be an awful traitor, dear.

King Robert's body was still warm when Lord Eddard began plotting to steal Joffrey's rightful throne.

He wouldn't do that.

He knows how much I love Joffrey. He wouldn't.

Please, Your Grace, there's been a mistake.

Send for my father. He'll tell you ... the King was his friend.

Sansa sweetling, you are innocent of any wrong. We know that.

Yet you are the daughter

of a traitor.

How can I allow you to marry my son?

A child born

of a traitor's seed is no fit consort for our King.

She is a sweet thing now,

Your Grace, but in 10 years who knows what treasons she may hatch?

No, I'm not. I'll be a good wife to him, you'll see.

I'll be a Queen just like you, I promise. I won't hatch anything.

The girl is innocent, Your Grace.

She should be given a chance to prove her loyalty.

Little dove, you must write to Lady Catelyn and your brother, the eldest, what's his name?

Robb.

Word of your father's arrest will reach him soon, no doubt.

Best it comes from you.

If you would help your father, urge your brother to keep the King's peace.

Tell him to come to King's Landing and swear his fealty to Joffrey.

If ... if I could see my father, talk to him about ...

You disappoint me, child.

We have told you of your father's treason.

Why would you want to speak to a traitor?

I only meant that ... what will happen to him?

That depends.

On ... on what?

On your brother.

And on you.

Treason?

Sansa wrote this?

It is your sister's hand, but the Queen's words.

You are summoned to King's Landing to swear fealty to the new King.

Joffrey puts my father in chains, now he wants his ass kissed?

This is a royal command, My Lord.

If you should refuse to obey ...

I won't refuse.

His Grace summons me to King's Landing, I'll go to King's Landing.

But not alone.

Call the banners.

All of them, My Lord?

They've all sworn to defend my father, have they not?

They have.

Now we see what their words are worth.

Yeah.

Are you afraid?

I must be.

Good.

Why is that good?

It means you're not stupid.

You've had this since dawn?

He sent it to me, not you.

I've only shown it to you as a courtesy.

A courtesy?!

My husband has been taken prisoner.

My son intends to declare w*r.

A w*r?

Your son against the Lannisters?

You should go to him. Teach him patience.

Ned rots in a dungeon and you speak of patience?

He is your brother by law!

Does family mean nothing to you?

Family means everything to me.

And I will not risk Robin's life to get caught up in another of your husband's wars.

I'm hungry.

Hush now, darling.

You just ate.

You will not support us then? Do I understand you correctly?

But I'm hungry!

Soon, love, soon.

You're always welcome here, sister.

But if you're asking me to send men from the Vale to fight ...

That is what I ask.

Go on, sweet. Time for your bath.

I'll feed you after.

If you fear for the safety of your son ...

Of course I fear for the safety of my son!

Are you an idiot?

They k*lled my husband.

You say they shoved

your boy from a window.

These people will do anything.

And that is why we have to stop them.

The knights of the Vale will stay in the Vale where they belong, to protect their Lord.

Will you shut up?

There's hill tribes all around here.

If I'm going to die, it may as well be with a song in my heart.

I should just take your food and leave you here.

Eh? What would you do then?

Starve, most likely.

You don't think I'd do it, do you?

What do you want, Bronn? Gold? Women?

Golden women?

Stick with me and you'll have them all, for as long as I'm around and not for a moment longer.

But you knew that.

That is why you so valiantly took up arms to defend my honor.

Fair enough.

But don't go looking for me to bend the knee and "My Lord" you every time you take a shit.

I'm not your toady and I'm not your friend.

Though I would treasure your friendship, I'm mainly interested in your facility with m*rder.

And if the day ever comes when you're tempted to sell me out, remember this:

Whatever their price, I'll b*at it.

I like living.

Tyrion.

Tyrion.

Tyrion.

Come, share our f*re.

Help yourselves to our goat.

When you meet your Gods, you tell them Shagga Son of Dolf of the Stone Crows sent you.

I am Tyrion son of Tywin of Clan Lannister.

How would you like to die, Tyrion son of Tywin?

In my own bed, at the age of 80 with a bellyful of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock.

Take the half man.

He can dance for the children. k*ll the other one.

No no no no no!

My ... my House is rich and powerful.

If you see us through these mountains, my father will shower you with gold.

We have no use for a half man's promises.

Half a man maybe, but at least I have the courage to face my enemies.

What do the Stone Crows do?

Hide behind rocks and shiver when the knights of the Vale ride by?

Are those the best w*apon you could steal?

Good enough for k*lling sheep, if the sheep don't fight back.

Lannister smiths shit better steel.

You think you can win us over with your trinkets?

That trinket is worth more than everything your tribe owns.

But if you help us, Shagga Son of Dolf, I will not give you trinkets.

I will give you this.

What is "this"?

The Vale of Arryn.

The Lords of the Vale have always spat upon the hill tribes.

The Lords of the Vale want me d*ad.

I believe it is time for new Lords of the Vale.

Ser Alliser:

Now there's a rare sight ... not only a bastard, but a traitor's bastard.

Jon, no!

Jon, stop, put it down!

Blood will always tell.

You'll hang for this, bastard.

I told you not to do anything stupid.

You're confined to quarters. Go.

Ghost, what's wrong?

Is something out there?

Commander?

Stay.

Hello?

Who's there?

Lord Commander?

Snow?

Commander!

Move move!

What did they do?

I thought the Dothraki didn't believe in money.

Gold to hire ships, Princess, ships to sail to Westeros.

Jorah, make them stop.

Khaleesi?

You heard me.

These men have shed blood for their Khal. Now they claim their rewards.

Princess, you have a gentle heart,

but this is how

it's always been.

I do not have a gentle heart, Ser.

Kash qoy qoyi thira disse.

Me qorasokh anni!

Come.

Man: Anha afichak mae m'arakhoon!

What do you want done with them?

Bring her to me. And those women there.

You cannot claim them all, Princess.

I can, and I will.

Me Fati!

Khaleesi vazha anhaan qorasokh anni, ch'anha afichak mae m'arakhoon anni!

Me vastoe hatif anni;

ahhazaan

yer Nemo vacchaki.

Ohos.

Os.

Thank you, silver lady.

Who are you?

I am named Mirri Maz Duur. I was the Godswife of this Temple.

My mother was Godswife here before me.

She taught me how to make healing smokes and ointments.

All men are of one flock,

so my people believe.

The Great Shepherd sent me to Earth to heal his ... lamb or lion, his wound must be washed and sewn

or it will fester.

For 30 years I've been making corpses out of men, boy.

I'm the man you want leading the Vanguard.

Galbart Glover will lead the Van.

The bloody Wall will melt before an Umber marches behind a Glover.

I will lead the Van or I will take my men and march them home.

You are welcome to do so, Lord Umber.

And when I am done with the Lannisters I will march back North, root you out of your Keep and hang you for an oathbreaker.

Oathbreaker, is it?!

I'll not sit here and swallow insults from a boy so green he pisses grass.

My Lord father taught me it was death to bare steel against your Liege Lord. But doubtless the Greatjon only meant to cut my meat for me.

Your meat... is bloody tough.
What is it? What's happened?

Shh, it's all right.

Where are you going?

South. For father.

But it's the middle of the night.

The Lannisters have spies everywhere.

I don't want them to know we're coming.

They have more men than we do.

Aye, they do.

Can't I come with you?

I can ride now. You've seen me riding.

And I won't get in the way, I ...

There must always be a Stark at Winterfell.

Until I return that will be you.

You are not to leave the castle walls while we are gone. Do you understand?

Listen to Maester Luwin. Look after your little brother.

I will.

I'll send letters whenever I can, but if you don't hear from me, don't be scared.

Until I return.

How long have you been hiding out there?

Robb will be looking for you to say goodbye.

They've all gone away.

They'll be back soon. Robb will free father and they'll come back with mother.

No, they won't.

Please watch

over Robb.

And watch over all the other men from Winterfell.

And Theon too, I suppose.

You hear them, boy?

The Old Gods are answering you.

What are you doing here?

They're my Gods too.

Beyond the Wall, they're the only Gods.

Even slaves are allowed to pray.

You're not a sl*ve.

Well, your friend did put a Kn*fe to my throat.

I'm not complaining, Little Lord, just telling truths.

What did you mean about hearing the Gods?

You asked them, they're answering you.

Shh.

Open your ears.

It's only the wind.

Who do you think sends the wind if not the Gods?

They see you, boy.

They hear you.

Your brother will get no help from them where he's going.

The Old Gods have no power in the South.

The Weirwoods there were all cut down a long time ago.

How can they watch when they have no eyes?

Well, there's a big man.

He has giants' blood in him or I'm the Queen.

Go back and find your clothes, Hodor.

Go dress.

Hodor.

Are there really giants beyond the Wall?

Giants and worse than giants.

I tried telling your brother, he's marching the wrong way.

All these swords, they should be going North, boy.

North, not south!

The cold winds are rising.

They were touched by White Walkers.

That's why they came back.

That's why their eyes turned blue.

Only f*re will stop them.

How do you know that?

I read about it in a book ... a very old book in Maester Aemon's library.

What else did the book say?

The White Walkers sleep beneath the ice for thousands of years.

And when they wake up ...

And when they wake up, what?

I hope The Wall is high enough.

Summer snows, My Lady.

Robb's brought the North with him.

The River Lords are falling back with Jaime Lannister at their heels.

And Lord Tywin is bringing around a second Lannister army from the South.

Our scouts confirm it's even larger than the Kingslayer's.

One army or two, the Kings in the North threw back hosts

10 times as large.

Mother!

You look well.

Lady Catelyn, you're a welcome sight in these troubled times.

We had not thought to meet you here, My Lady.

I had not thought to be here.

I would speak with my son alone.

I know you will forgive me, My Lords.

You heard her! Move your asses!

Come on, out.

You too, Greyjoy. Are you bloody deaf?

Have no fear, My Lady.

We'll shove our swords

up Tywin Lannister's bunghole and then it's on to the Red Keep to free Ned.

You old devil, Rodrik.

Jon.

You're not wasting away, are you?

I remember the day you came into this world red-faced and squalling.

And now I find you leading a host to w*r.

There was no one else.

No one?

Who were those men I saw here?

None of them are Starks.

All of them are seasoned in battle.

If you think you can send me back to Winterfell ...

Oh, would that I could.

There was... a letter.

From Sansa.

From the Queen, you mean.

There's no mention of Arya.

No.

How many men do you have?

18,000.

If I go to King's Landing and bend my knee to Joffrey ... you would never be allowed to leave. No.

Our best hope ... our only hope ... is that you can defeat them in the field.

And if I lose?

Do you know what happened to the Targaryen children when the Mad King fell?

They were butchered in their sleep.

On the orders of Tywin Lannister.

And the years have not made him kinder.

If you lose, your father dies, your sisters die,

we die.

Well, that makes it simple then.

I suppose it does.

From here it might be best if Bronn and I continue alone.

Best for Tyrion son of Tywin.

Not best for me.

If the half man betrays us, Shagga Son of Dolf will cut off his manhood ... and feed it to the goats, yes.

All right then.

Time to meet my father.

Tyrion.

Uncle.

Father.

The rumors of your demise were unfounded.

Sorry to disappoint you.

And who are these...

Companions of yours?

This is Shagga Son of Dolf,

Chieftain

of the Stone Crows.

Timett Son of Timett,

ruler of the b*rned Men.

This fair maid is

Chella daughter of Cheyk,

leader

of the Black Ears.

And here we have Bronn son of...

You wouldn't know him.

May I present My Lord Father, Tywin son of Tytos of House Lannister,

Lord of Casterly Rock

and Warden of the West?

Kind of you to go to w*r for me.

You left us no choice.

The honor of the House was at stake.

Your brother would never have submitted to capture so meekly.

We have our differences, Jaime and I.

He's braver. I'm better looking.

He's been covering himself in glory.

Jaime smashed the River Lords at the Golden Tooth, and now lays siege to Riverrun, Catelyn Stark's homeland.

And the Starks? Lord Eddard?

... Is our hostage. He will lead no armies from his dungeon cell.

How did my sweet sister persuade the King to imprison his dear friend Ned?

Robert Baratheon is d*ad. Joffrey rules in King's Landing.

My sister rules, you mean.

Stark's son has called his banners.

He moves south with a strong host.

A green boy.

One taste of battle and he'll run back to Winterfell wi his tail between his legs.

Maybe.

Though the boy does have a certain belligerence.

You'd like him.

While we're on the subject of w*r, I made promises to my friends here and a Lannister always pays his debts.

We shall require

3,000 helms and shields, plus swords, pikes, gorgets, maces ... if it please My Lord, Ser Addam bids me report that the Northmen have crossed the neck.

The wolf rushes into the lion's jaws.

So be it. Kevan, command the drummers b*at assembly.

And send word to Jaime that I am moving against Robb Stark.

At once, My Lord.

It is said that the men of the Mountain clans are great warriors.

Ride with me against my enemies and you shall have all my son promised you and more.

Only if the half man fights with us.

Until we hold the steel he pledged us, the little lion's life is ours.

The scouts report

Lord Tywin moves north.

We need to get him on broken ground, put his Knights at a disadvantage.

No, we need to get around him and break Jaime Lannister's siege of Riverrun.

Do that and the River Lords will join us.

To do either we need to cross the river and the only crossing is at The Twins.

Lord Frey controls

that bridge.

Your father's bannerman.

"The late Lord Frey" my father calls him.

At the Trident, he didn't appear until the battle was done.

Some men takes their oaths more seriously than others.

Robb's right. We need that bridge.

So what's it going to be?

Do we move against Jaime or Lord Tywin?

Your pardon, my lords.

We've captured

a Lannister scout.

Don't worry, lad. He won't b leaving this tent with his head.

Where did you find him?

In the brush above the encampment.

He looked to be counting.

How high did you get?

20,000. Maybe more.

You don't have to do this yourself.

Your father would understand ...

My father unrstands mercy, when there is room for it.

And he understands honor... and courage.

Let him go.

Robb.

Tell Lord Tywin Winter is coming for him.

20,000 Northerners marching south to find out if he really does shit gold.

Yes, My Lord.

Thank you, My Lord.

Are you touched, boy?! Letting him go?

You call me boy again.

Go on.

Oi.

It is also the wish

of His Grace

that his loyal servant

Janos Slynt,

Commander of the City Watch...

Ser Aron.

...Be at once raised

to the rank of Lord...

Lord Gyles.

...And granted the ancient seat of Harrenhal,

and that his sons and grandsons

shall hold this honor

after him

until the end of time.

In the place of the traitor Eddard Stark,

it is the wish of his Grace

that Tywin Lannister,

Lord of Casterly Rock

and Warden of the West,

be appointed

Hand of the King.

Lastly, in these times of treason and turmoil,

it is the view

of the Council that the life and safety of King Joffrey be of paramount importance.

Ser Barristan Selmy.

Your Grace, I am yours to command.

Rise, Ser Barristan.

You may remove your helm.

You have served the Realm

long and faithfully.

Every man and woman in the

Seven Kingdoms owes you thanks.

But it is time to put aside your armor and your sword.

It is time to rest

and look back with pride on your many years of service.

Your Grace, the Kingsguard is a sworn brotherhood.

Our vows are

taken for life.

Only death relieves us of our sacred trust.

Whose death, Ser Barristan? Yours or your King's?

You let my father die.

You're too old to protect anybody.

Your Grace ...

The Council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take your place

as Lord Commander

of the Kingsguard.

The man who profaned his blade with the blood of the King he had sworn to defend!

Careful, Ser.

We have nothing but gratitude for your long service, good Ser.

You shall be given a stout Keep beside the sea, with servants to look after your every need.

A hall to die in

and men to bury me.

I am a Knight.

I shall die a Knight.

A naked Knight, apparently.

Even now I could cut through the five of you like carving a cake!

Here, boy!

Melt it down and add it to the others.

If any man in this hall has other matters to set before His Grace, let him speak now or go forth and hold his silence.

Your Grace.

Come forward, My Lady.

The Lady Sansa

of House Stark.

Do you have some business for the King and the Council, Sansa?

I do.

As it please Your Grace, I ask mercy for my father, Lord Eddard Stark, who was Hand of the King.

Treason is a noxious weed.

It should be torn out, root ...

Let her speak.

I want to hear what she says.

Thank you, Your Grace.

Do you deny your father's crime?

No, My Lords. I know he must be punished.

All I ask is mercy.

I know My Lord father

must regret what he did.

He was King Robert's friend and he loved him.

You all know he loved him.

He never wanted to be Hand until the King asked him.

They must have lied to him ... Lord Renly or Lord Stannis or somebody. They must have lied!

He said I wasn't the King.

Why did he say that?

He was badly hurt.

Maester Pycelle was giving him milk of the poppy.

He wasn't himself. Otherwise h never would have said it.

A child's faith... Such sweet innocence.

And yet they say

wisdom oft comes from the mouths of babes.

Treason is treason!

Anything else?

If you still have any affection in your heart for me, please do me this kindness, Your Grace.

Your sweet words have moved me.

But your father has to confess.

He has to confess and say that I'm the King...

Or there'll be no mercy for him.

He will.

You've seen better days, My Lord.

Another visit?

It seems you're my last friend.

No no, many still love you.

Sansa came to court this morning to plead for your life.

On her knees, begging for me, hmmm.

Did you laugh with the others?

You do me wrong, My Lord.

Your blood is the last thing I want.

I don't know what you want.

I've given up trying to guess.

When I was still a boy ... before they cut my b*lls off with a hot Kn*fe ...

I traveled with a group of actors through the free cities.

They taught me that each man has a role to play.

The same is true at court.

I am the master of whisperers.

My role is to be sly, obsequious and without scruples.

I'm a good actor, My Lord.

Huh. Can you free me from this pit?

I could.

But will I?

No.

As I said, I'm no hero.

What do you want? Tell me.

No riddles, no stories ... tell me, what do you want?

Peace.

Did you know that your son is marching south with an army of Northmen? Loyal lad ... fighting for his father's freedom.

Robb?

He's just a boy.

Boys have been conquerors before.

But the man giving Cersei sleepless nights is the King's ... the late King's brother.

Lord Stannis has the best claim to the Throne, he is a proven battle commander and he is utterly without mercy.

Stannis Baratheon is Robert's true heir.

The Throne is his by rights.

Tsk tsk. Sansa pleaded so sweetly for your life, it would be a shame to throw it away.

Cersei is no fool.

She knows a tame wolf is more use to her than a d*ad one.

You want me to serve the woman who m*rder my King, who butchered my men, who crippled my son?

I want you to serve the realm!

Tell the Queen you will confess your vile treason, tell your son to lay down his sword and proclaim Joffrey as the true heir.

Cersei knows you as a man of honor.

If you give her the peace she needs and promise to carry her secret to your grave, I believe she will allow you to take the Black and live out your days on the Wall with your brother and your bastard son.

You think my life is some precious thing to me?

That I would trade my honor for a few more years of...

Of what?

You grew up with actors.

You learned their craft and you learned it well.

But I grew up with soldiers.

I learned how to die a long time ago.

Pity.

Such a pity.

What of your daughter's life, My Lord?

Is that a precious

thing to you?

It's a birthday message to his grand-niece Walda.

Or so Walder Frey would have you think.

Keep sh**ting them down. We can't risk Lord Walder sending word of your movements to the Lannisters.

He's grandfather's bannerman. We can't expect his support?

Expect nothing of Walder Frey and you'll never be surprised.

Look.

Father rots

in a dungeon.

How long before they take his head?

We need to cross the Trident and we need to do it now.

Just march up to his gates and tell him you're crossing.

We've got five times his numbers. You can take the Twins if you have to.

Not in time. Tywin Lannister marches north as we speak.

The Freys have held the crossing for 600 years, and for 600 years they have never failed to exact their toll.

Have my horse saddled and ready.

Enter the Twins alone and he'll sell you to the Lannis.

Or throw you in a dungeon. Or slit your throat.

My father would do whatever it took to secure our crossing.

Whatever it took.

If I'm going to lead this army, I can't have other men doing my bargaining for me.

I agree.

I'll go.

Theon: You can't!

I have known Lord Walder since I was a girl.

He would never harm me.

Unless there was

a profit in it.

What do you want?

It is a great pleasure to see you again after so many years, My Lord.

Oh spare me.

Your boy's too proud to come before me himself.

What am I supposed to do with you?

Father, you forget yourself. Lady Stark is here ...

Who asked you? You're not Lord Frey yet, not until I die. Do I look d*ad to you?

Father, please ...

I need lessons in courtesy from you, bastard?

Your mother would still be a milkmaid if I hadn't squirted you into her belly.

All right, you come forward.

There. Now that I've observed the courtesies,

perhaps my sons will do me the honor

of shutting their mouths.

Is there somewhere we can talk?

We're talking right now.

Fine.

Out! All of you!

You too.

You see that?

15 she is.

A little flower.

And her honey's all mine.

I'm sure she will give you many sons.

Huh. Your father didn't come to the wedding.

He is quite ill, My Lord.

Didn't come to the last one either.

Or the one before that.

Your family has always pissed on me.

My Lord, I ...

Don't deny it. You know it's true.

The fine Lord Tully would never marry any of his children to mine.

I'm sure there were reasons why ...

I didn't need reasons. I needed to get rid of sons and daughters. You see how they pile up?

Why are you here?

To ask you to open your gates, My Lord, so my son and his bannermen may cross the Trident and be on their way.

Why should I let him?

If you could climb your own battlements, you would see that he has

20,000 men outside your walls.

They'll be 20,000 corpses when Tywin Lannister gets here.

Don't try and frighten me, Lady Stark.

Your husband's in a cell beneath the Red Keep and your son's got no fur to keep his b*lls warm.

You swore an oath to my father.

Oh yes, I said some words...

And I swore oaths to the crown too, if I remember right.

Joffrey's King now, which makes your boy and his corpses-to-be nothing but rebels, it seems to me.

If I had the sense the Gods gave a fish, I'd hand you both over to the Lannisters.

Why don't you?

Stark, Tully, Lannister, Baratheon, give me one good reason why I should waste a single thought on any of you?

And... engage.

When does Aemon think you'll be able to use that hand?

Soon, he says.

Good.

You'll be ready for this then.

I thought a wolf was more appropriate for you than a bear...

So I had a new pommel made. It's called Longclaw.

Works as well for a wolf as a bear, I think.

This is Valyrian steel.

It was my father's sword, his father before him.

The Mormonts have carried it for five centuries.

It was meant for my son Jorah.

He brought dishonor to our House, but he had the grace to leave the sword before he fled from Westeros.

My Lord, you honor me, but I can't ...

Oh, you can and you will.

I wouldn't be standing here if it wasn't for you and your beast.

A bloody d*ad man tried to k*ll me...

So you'll take it. I'll hear no more about it.

Is that understood?

Yes, My Lord.

Right. Now don't think this means I approve of this nonsense with you and Alliser Thorne.

That's a man's sword, it'll take a man to wield it.

I'll apologize to Ser Alliser tonight.

No you won't!

I sent him to King's Landing yesterday.

The hand that your wolf tore off that thing's wrist ...

I've ordered Thorne to lay it at the feet of this...

Boy King.

That should get young Joffrey's attention.

And it puts a thousand leagues between you and Thorne.

Now go and put your sword somewhere safe and bring me my supper.

Yes, My Lord.

Well done.

Well done.

You earned that, Snow.

Well done.

Go on, let's have a look.

At what?

Grenn: The sword! Show us the sword.

Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword!

Let's have a look.

Piss off.

Get off of it. Piss off.

Come on, I want to have a look at it in the light.

Give it here!

What is it?

I ...

Look at its eyes.

Give it.

I can't.

You can't what?

I ... I'm really not supposed to say.

And yet you really want to say.

You want to say that...?

There was a raven.

I read the message to Maester Aemon.

It's your brother Robb.

What?

What about him?

He's heading south.

To w*r.

All his bannermen have rallied to his side. They'll keep him safe.

I should be there.

I should be with him.

...If we do that, they'll never get back across.

Well?

What did he say?

Lord Walder has granted your crossing.

His men are yours as well ...

Greatjon: Huh.

... Less the 400 he will keep here to hold the crossing against any who would pursue you.

And what does he want in return?

You will be taking on his son Olyvar as your personal squire.

He expects a knighthood in good time.

Fine fine.

And?

And Arya will marry his son Waldron

when they both come of age.

She won't be happy about that.

Hmmm.

And?

And when the fighting is done...

You will marry one of his daughters.

Whichever you prefer.

He has a number he thinks will be... suitable.

I see.

Did you get a look at his daughters?

I did.

And?

One was...

Do you consent?

Can I refuse?

Not if you want to cross.

Then I consent.

Sam said you wanted to see me?

I did indeed.

Perhaps you would be kind enough to assist me.

Tell me, did you ever wonder why the men of The Night's Watch take no wives and father no children?

No.

So they will not love.

Love is the death

of duty.

If the day should ever come when your lord father was forced to choose between honor on the one hand and those he loves on the other, what would he do?

He would do whatever was right. No matter what.

Then Lord Stark is one man in 10,000.

Most of us are not so strong.

What is honor compared to a woman's love?

And what is duty

against the feel of a newborn son

in your arms?

Or a brother's smile?

Sam told you.

We're all human.

Oh, we all do our duty when there's no cost to it.

Honor comes easy then.

Yet sooner or later in every man's life there comes a day when it is not easy, a day when he must choose.

And this is my day?

Is that what you're saying?

Oh, it hurts, boy. Oh yes.

I know.

You do not know!

No one knows.

I may be a bastard, but he is my father and Robb is my brother.

The Gods were cruel when they saw fit to test my vows.

They waited till I was old.

What could I do when the ravens brought the news from the South ... the ruin of my House, the death of my family?

I was helpless, blind, frail.

But when I heard they had k*lled my brother's son, and his poor son...

And the children!

Even the little children.

Who are you?

My father was Maekar, the first of his name.

My brother Aegon reigned after him when I had refused the Throne.

And he was followed by his son Aerys, whom they called the Mad King.

You're Aemon Targaryen.

I'm a Maester of the Citadel, bound in service to Castle Black and The Night's Watch.

I will not tell you to stay or go.

You must make that choice yourself, and live with it for the rest of your days.

As I have.

Drogo.

Sajo anni.

Hyah hyah.

Our scouts tell us

the Stark host has moved

south from the Twins with Lord Frey's levies in tow.

They're a day's march north.

The boy may lack experience and sense,

but he does have

a certain mindless provincial courage.

Ah.

Oh, do continue. Didn't mean to interrupt.

I do hope your savages are going to be of some use, otherwise we've wasted good steel on them.

The great hairy one insisted he must have two battle axes ... heavy black steel, double-sided.

Shagga likes axes.

When the battle commences, you and your wildlings

will be in the vanguard.

The vanguard?

Mm-hmm.

Me and the tribesmen on the front lines?

They do seem

rather ferocious.

Ferocious? Last night a Moon brother s*ab a Stone Crow over a sausage.

Three Stone Crows seized the Moon

brother and opened his throat.

Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off the d*ad man's cock, which was fortunate, but even still Ulf is demanding blood money, which Shagga and g*n refuse to pay.

When soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with their commander.

Surely there are ways to have me k*lled that would be less detrimental to the w*r effort.

There'll be no more discussion on the matter.

It appears I'm not hungry after all.

Excuse me, My Lords.

Where did you find one so pretty at this hour?

I took her.

Took her?

From whom?

From, uh...

Ser ... what's his name?

I don't know. Ginger c**t three tents down.

And he didn't have anything

to say about it?

He said something.

Well, the odds of me living long enough for him to retaliate just dropped drastically.

We'll be at the vanguard tomorrow.

Oh well.

I... think I'll go and find myself one.

Who are you?

Who would you like me to be?

What did your mother call you?

Shae.

What did your mother call you?

My mother d*ed giving birth to me.

Is that why I'm here? So we can talk about our mothers?

What sort of accent is that?

Foreign.

For ...

What do you want from me?

What do I want from you?

I want you to share my tent.

I want you to pour my wine, laugh at my jokes, rub my legs when they're sore after a day's ride.

I want you to take no other man to bed for as long as we're together.

And I want you to f*ck me like it's my last night in this world ... which it may well be.

And what do I get?

Safety.

No one will hurt you for as long as you're mine.

The pleasure of my company, which I have heard is spectacular.

Who told you this? Women you paid?

And three: More gold

than you can spend if you

lived a thousand years.

Do you accept my proposal?

Let's start with your last night in this world.

Doth ... Dothrae...

Ki ha ... hammi...

Ish nokitta...

Qana'th...

Khaleesi.

Come.

He's very strong.

No one understands how strong he is.

He will die tonight, Khaleesi.

He can't.

He can't. I won't let him.

Even a Queen doesn't have that power.
We must go quickly. I've heard there's a good port in Asshai ...

I won't leave him.

He's already gone, Khaleesi.

Doth ...

Even if ...

... Even if he dies, why would I run?

I am Khaleesi and my ... my son will be Khal after Drogo.

This isn't Westeros where men honor blood.

Here they only honor strength. There will be fighting

after Drogo dies.

Whoever wins that fight will be the new Khal.

He won't want any rivals.

Your boy will be plucked from your breast

and given to the dogs.

I won't leave him.

The wound has festered.

I think you should wear your armor tonight, Ser.

I think you're right.

You've saved me once more.

And now you must save him.

He's beyond the healer's skills.

All I can do is ease his path.

Save him and I will free you. I swear it.

You must know a way...

Some...

Some magic.

There is a spell.

Some would say death is cleaner.

Do it.

Save him.

There is a price.

You'll have gold ... whatever you want.

It's not a matter of gold. This is Bloodmagic.

Only death pays for life.

My death?

No. Not your death, Khaleesi.

Bring me his horse.

Khaleesi, do not do this thing.

Let me k*ll this witch.

k*ll her and you k*ll your Khal.

This is Bloodmagic. It is forbidden.

I am your Khaleesi. I tell you what is forbidden.

Go now!

Take her and leave.

Huh-uh.

Take her!

Irriya?

You must go also, lady.

Once I begin to sing,

no one must enter the tent.

The d*ad will dance here tonight.

No one will enter.

Bring him back to me.

What have you done?

I have to save him.

We could have been 10 miles away from here by now on the way to Asshai.

You would have been safe.

Jíni'th vos eo.

Mra qothoon vosaan ...

Khaleesi!

Are you hurt?

The baby...

Hmm?

...Is coming.

Fetch the midwives.

They will not come.

They say she is cursed.

They'll come or I'll have their heads.

The witch ... she can bring baby.

I hear her say so.

Are you in agony, my lion?

No.

You look like you're in agony.

The f*re is burning your pretty soft skin.

Ahhh.

Damn you, woman. Are you immune to pain?

Just used to it.

Drink.

Let's play a new game.

There's a Braavosi Kn*fe game I could teach you ...

Does it involve the potential for losing fingers?

Not if you win.

No!

No more f*re games, no Kn*fe games.

Let's do something I'm good at.

What are you good at?

I happen to be a great judge of character.

This sounds like a boring game.

It's not.

Here's how it works:

I make a statement about your past. If I'm right, you drink. If I'm wrong, I drink.

And no lying. I'll know if you're lying.

I don't want to play this game.

Fine. Bronn first.

Your father b*at you.

But my mother h*t harder.

You k*lled your first man before you were 12.

It was a woman.

She swung an axe at me.

You've been North of the Wall.

What brought you up there?

Work.

And...

You once loved a woman many years ago, but it turned out badly so you've never let yourself love again.

Oh wait, that's me.

Your turn, my mysterious foreign beauty.

I don't want to play.

It's fun! Look at the fun we're having.

Your mother was a whore.

Drink.

All right.

Your father left the family when you were very young, never to return.

Drink.

And we've established the rules about lying?

Drink!

Mmmm.

You wanted a different life.

You came from somewhere and you wanted to be elsewhere.

The whole shit-stained world could drink off that one.

So specifics ... you wanted to be elsewhere, but how would you get there?

I don't believe the life of the silent sisters is for you.

So what's a lowborn girl to do?

Drink.

Are you sure ... drink!

And don't talk about my mother and father ever or I will carve your eyes from your head.

My dear lady, if I have offended you, I apologize.

My turn.

Fine fine.

Ask away.

Try to penetrate the enigma that is me.

Who were you in love with?

That's not how the game works.

I don't care the way the game works.

Our Lord here used to be married.

Married?

How did you hear that?

You hear lots of things playing dice with Lannister soldiers.

Another night, perhaps.

Not another night. This night.

It's not a pleasant story.

Or maybe I will cry.

I'm guessing the lady and I can tell more unpleasant stories than your Lordship.

So...

I was 16. My brother Jaime and I were riding when we heard a scream. She ran out onto the road, clothes half torn off with two men on her heels.

Jaime scared away the men easily enough, while I wrapped her in my cloak.

She was too scared to send off on her own, so while Jaime hunted down the rapers I took her to the nearest inn and fed her.

Her name was Tysha.

She was a wheelwright's orphan.

And she was hungry ... together we finished off three chickens and a flagon of wine.

Impossible as it seems, there was a time when I was unaccustomed to wine.

I forgot how afraid I was around girls, how I was always waiting for them to laugh at me or look away embarrassed or ask me about my tall handsome brother.

I forgot about everything but Tysha.

And somehow I found myself in her bed.

For three chickens, I should hope so.

It didn't last long. I didn't know what the hell I was doing.

But she was good to me.

She kissed me afterwards and sang me a song.

And by morning I was deep enough in love to ask for her hand.

A few lies, a few gold coins, one drunken Septon and there you have it ... man and wife.

For a fortnight anyway, until the Septon sobered up and told my father.

I imagine that was the end of all that.

Not quite.

First, my father had Jaime tell me the truth.

The girl was a whore, you see.

Jaime had arranged the whole thing, the road, the rapers ... all of it.

He thought it was time I had a woman.

After my brother confessed, my father brought in my wife and gave her to his guards.

He paid her well ...

a silver for each man.

How many whores command that kind of price?

He brought me into the barracks and made me watch.

By the end, she had so much silver that the coins were slipping through her fingers and rolling onto the floor.

I would have k*lled the man who did that to me.

You should have known she was a whore.

Really?

I was 16, drunk and in love ...

A girl who was almost r*ped doesn't invite another man into her bed two hours later.

As I said, I was young and stupid.

You are still young and stupid.

Hyah!

What is it? What do you want?

You're sleeping through the w*r.

What?

They stole a night's march on us.

They're a mile north.

Get my squire!

You don't have a squire.

If I die, weep for me.

You'll be d*ad. How will you know?

I'll know.

Watch out! Move!

Out of the way!

Move aside!

( Neighs stay low.

Stay low?

If you're lucky, no one will notice you.

I was born lucky.

Tribesmen of the Vale, gather round!

Stone Crows!

Black Ears! b*rned Men!

Moon brothers!

Man: And painted dogs!

And painted dogs!

Your dominion over the Vale begins now!

Onward to claim what is yours!

Half man! Half man!

Half man! Half man!

Half man! Half man!

To battle.

You're a shit warrior.

I'm alive?

You're alive.

Did we win?

We wouldn't be having this conversation if we didn't.

How did our tribesmen do?

Yeah, good.

It's nice to see them

getting along.

You're wounded.

Good of you to notice.

I hear we won.

Hmph. The scouts were wrong.

There were 2,000 Stark bannermen, not 20,000.

Did we get the Stark boy, at least?

He wasn't here.

Where was he?

With his other 18,000 men.

And where are they?

We should go, My Lady.

No!

My Lady!

Hyah hyah!

By the time they knew what was happening, it had already happened.

Lady Stark. I'd offer you my sword, but I seem to have lost it.

It's not your sword I want.

Give me my daughters back.

Give me my husband.

I've lost them too, I'm afraid.

k*ll him, Robb.

Send his head to his father.

He cut down 10 of our men ... you saw him.

He's more use to us alive than d*ad.

Take him away and put him in irons.

We could end this w*r right now, boy, save thousands of lives.

You fight for the Starks, I fight for the Lannisters.

Swords or lances, teeth, nails ... choose your w*apon and let's end this here and now.

If we do it your way, Kingslayer, you'd win.

We're not doing it your way.

Come on, pretty man.

I sent 2,000 men to their graves today.

The bards will sing songs of their sacrifice.

Aye. But the d*ad won't hear them.

One victory does not make us conquerors.

Did we free my father?

Did we rescue my sisters from the Queen?

Did we free the North from those who want us on our knees?

This w*r is far from over.

Could I have one?

A lemon one ... or any of them.

Three coppers.

How about a nice fat pigeon?

Piss off now. Go on.

Do you have any stale ones from yesterday?

Or any burnt ones?

Piss off!

Hey, where's everyone going? What's happening?

They're taking him to the Sept of Baelor.

Who?

The Hand of the King.

Traitor!

Coward!

Baelor.

Baelor!

Traitor! Traitor!

I am Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the King.

I come before you to confess my treason

in the sight of Gods

and men.

I betrayed the faith

of my King and the trust of my friend Robert.

I swore to protect and defend his children, but before his blood was cold

I plotted

to m*rder his son...

And seize the Throne for myself.

Traitor!

Let the high Septon and Baelor the blessed bear witness to what I say:

Joffrey Baratheon is the one true heir to the Iron Throne,

by the Grace

of all the gods,

Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.

As we sin, so do we suffer.

This man has confessed his crimes in sight of Gods and men.

The Gods are just but beloved Baelor taught us they can also be merciful.

What is to be done with this traitor, Your Grace?

My mother wishes me to let Lord Eddard join The Night's Watch.

Stripped of all titles and powers, he would serve the realm in permanent exile.

And My Lady Sansa

has begged mercy

for her father.

But they have the soft hearts of women.

So long as I am your King,

treason shall never

go unpunished.

Ser Ilyn, bring me his head!

No! Stop!

Daddy! Someone stop him!

My son, this is madness.

Put him down!

Don't look!

Let me go.

Let me go!

Shut your mouth. Look at me.

Look at me!

Stop! Daddy!

Stop! No no!

Crowd: Traitor!

Stop!

Stop him, stop!

Look at me. Look at me!

Do you remember me now, boy, eh?

Remember me? There's a bright boy.

You'll be coming with me, boy, and you'll be keeping your mouth shut.

Keep your mouth shut, boy.

I'm not a boy!

You're not a smart boy, is that what you're trying to say?

Do you want to live, boy?!

North, boy, we're going north.

It had three eyes.

It told me to come with him, so I did.

We went down into the crypts and my father was there.

Your father's not down there, little lord.

Not for many years yet.

You're afraid ... just like Hodor.

I'm not afraid of some hole in the ground.

You've lived beyond the Wall. What are you scared of?

I'm a crippled boy and I'm willing to go.

That's my grandfather Lord Rickard.

He was b*rned alive by the Mad King Aerys.

That's Lyanna, my father's sister.

King Robert was supposed to marry her, but Rhaegar Targaryen kidnapped her.

Robert started a w*r to win her back.

He k*lled Rhaegar, but she d*ed anyway.

That's where I saw father.

You see? He's not here.

Here, Shaggydog.

Rickon!

That beast is supposed to be chained in the kennels!

He doesn't like chains.

What are you doing down here?

Come back up with us.

No, I came to see father.

How many times have I told you? He's in King's Landing with Sansa and Arya.

He was down here. I saw him.

Saw him when?

Last night, when I was sleeping.

Here, Shaggydog.

You both miss him.

It's only natural he should be in your thoughts and dreams, but that doesn't mean that ...

Bran...

My Lady.

My Lady.

My Lady.

My Lady.

My Lady.

My Lady.

My Lady.

Robb.

Robb.

Robb!

You've ruined your sword.

Shh shh.

Shh.

I'll k*ll them all ...

... Every one of them.

I will k*ll them all.

My boy.

They have your sisters.

We have to get the girls back.

And then we will k*ll them all.

♪ the boar's great tusks, they boded ill ♪
♪ for good King Robert's health ♪
♪ and the beast was every bit as fat ♪
♪ as Robert was himself ♪

♪ but our brave King cried,

"Do your worst!

♪ I'll have

your ugly head! ♪

♪ you're nowhere near

as murd'rous as ♪

♪ the lion in my bed" ♪

♪ King Robert lost his battle and ♪
♪ he failed his final test ♪
♪ the lion ripped his b*lls off ♪

♪ and ♪

♪ the boar did all the rest. ♪

Very amusing.

Isn't it a funny song?

Thank you for your rendition.

I imagine it was even better received at that tavern.

I'm so sorry, Your Grace.

I'll never sing it again, I swear.

Tell me, which do you favor:

Your fingers or your tongue?

Your Grace?

Fingers or your tongue?

If you got to keep one, which would it be?

I ... I ... or I could just cut your throat.

Every man needs hands, Your Grace.

Good.

Tongue it is.

Your Grace, please.

I won't sing ... Your Grace.

Ser Ilyn, who better than you to carry out the sentence?

I beg you!

Please no.

No!

Your Grace, please. I beg you, I will never sing again!

I'm done for the day.

No-oooo!

I'll leave the rest of the matters to you, mother.

Your Grace, please!

You look quite nice.

Thank you, My Lord.

"Your Grace." I'm King now.

Stop-ppp!

No!

Walk with me. I want to show you something.

Do as you're bid, child.

...And as soon as you've had your blood, I'll put a son in you.

Mother says that shouldn't be long.

No, please no!

This one's your father.

This one here.

Look at it and see what happens to traitors.

You promised to be merciful.

I was.

I gave him a clean death.

Look at him.

Please let me go home. I won't do any treason, I swear.

Mother says I'm still to marry you. So you'll stay here and obey.

Look at him!

Well?

How long do I have to look?

As long as it pleases me.

Do you want to see the rest?

If it please Your Grace.

That's your Septa there.

I'll tell you what:

I'm going to give you a present.

After I raise my armies and k*ll your traitor brother, I'm going to give you his head as well.

Or maybe he'll give me yours.

My mother tells me a King should never strike his lady.

Ser Meryn.

Here, girl.

Will you obey now?

Or do you need another lesson?

I'll look for you in court.

Save yourself some pain, girl.

Give him what he wants.

You'll be needing that again.

The proper course is clear:

Pledge fealty to King Renly and move south to join our forces with his.

Renly is not the King.

You cannot mean to hold to Joffrey, My Lord.

He put your father to death.

That doesn't make Renly King.

He's Robert's

youngest brother.

If Bran can't be Lord of Winterfell before me,

Renly can't be King before Stannis.

Do you mean to declare us for Stannis?

Renly is not right!

My Lords.

If we put ourselves behind Stannis ...

My Lords!

Here is what I say to these two Kings ...

Renly Baratheon is nothing to me, nor Stannis neither.

Why should they rule over me and mine from some flowery seat in the South?

What do they know of the Wall or the Wolfswood?

Even their Gods are wrong!

Why shouldn't we rule ourselves again?

It was the Dragons we bowed to and now the Dragons are d*ad!

There sits the only King I mean to bend my knee to ... the King in the North!

I'll have peace on those terms.

They can keep their Red Castle and their Iron Chair too.

The King in the North!

Am I your brother, now and always?

Now and always.

My sword is yours, in victory and defeat from this day until my last day.

The King in the North!

The King in the North! The King in the North!

The King in the North!

The King in the North! The King in the North!

The King in the North!

The King in the North!

The King in the North!

The King in the North!

The King in the North!

The King in the North!

Lady Stark.

I want to see him.

Now!

Leave us.

You look lovely tonight, Lady Stark.

Widowhood becomes you.

Your bed must be lonely.

Is that why you came?

I'm not at my best, but I think I could be of service.

You slip out of that gown and we'll see if I'm up to it.

Oh, I do like a violent woman.

I will k*ll you tonight, Ser, pack your head in a box and send it to your sister.

Let me show you how ... h*t me again, over the ear.

And again and again.

You're stronger than you look ... it shouldn't take long.

That is what you want the world to believe, isn't it? That you don't fear death.

But I don't, My Lady.

The dark is coming for all of us. Why cry about it?

Because you are going to the deepest of the Seven Hells, if the Gods are just.

What Gods are those?

The trees your husband prayed to?

Where were the trees when his head was getting chopped off?

If your Gods are real and if they are just, why is the world so full of injustice?

Because of men like you.

There are no men like me.

Only me.

My son Bran.

How did he come to fall from that tower?

I pushed him out the window.

Why?

I hoped the fall would k*ll him.

Why?

You should get some sleep.

It's going to be a long w*r.

I can't believe we're actually at w*r.

Was it this exciting last time, when you were young?

What does it say?

Have we captured Robb Stark yet?

What's our next move?

Stop talking.

Get back into bed.

They have my son.

The Stark boy appears to be less green than we'd hoped.

I've heard his wolf k*lled a doze men and as many horses.

Is it true about Stannis and Renly?

Both Baratheon brothers have taken up against us.

Jaime captured, his armies scattered...

It's a catastrophe.

Perhaps we should sue for peace.

There's your peace.

Joffrey saw to that when h decided to remove Ned Stark's head.

You'll have an easier time drinking from that cup than you will bringing Robb Stark to the table now.

He's winning... in case you hadn't noticed.

I'm told we still have his sisters.

The first order of business is ransoming Ser Jaime.

No truces. We can't afford to look weak.

We should march on them at once.

First we must return to Casterly Rock to raise ...

They have my son!

Get out, all of you.

Not you.

You were right about Eddard Stark.

If he were alive, we could have used him to broker a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun, which would have given us more time to deal with Robert's brothers. But now...

Madness ... madness and stupidity.

I always thought you were a stunted fool.

Perhaps I was wrong.

Half wrong.

I'm new to strategy, but ... unless we want to be surrounded by three armies,

it appears we can't stay here.

No one will stay here.

Ser Gregor will head out with 500 riders and set the Riverland on f*re from God's Eye to the Red Fork.

The rest of us will regroup at Harrenhal.

And you will go to King's Landing.

And do what?

Rule!

You will serve as Hand of the King in my stead.

You will bring that boy King to heel and his mother too, if needs be.

And if you get so much as a whiff of treason from any of the rest:

Baelish, Varys, Pycelle ...

Heads, spikes, walls.

Why not my Uncle?

Why not anyone? Why me?

You're my son.

Oh, one more thing:

You will not take the whore to court.

Do you understand?

Ser Jorah?

Gently gently.

My son...

Where is he? I want him.

Where is he?

The boy did not live.

Tell me.

What is there to tell?

How did my son die?!

He never lived, My Princess.

The women say...

What do the women say?

They say the child was ...

Monstrous, twisted.

I pulled him out myself.

He was scaled like a lizard,

blind, with leather wings like the wings of a bat.

When I touched him the skin fell from his bones.

Inside he was full of graveworms.

I warned you that only death can pay for life.

You knew the price.

Where is Khal Drogo?

Show him to me.

Show me what I bought with my son's life.

As you command, lady.

Come.

I will take you to him.

Time enough for that later ...

I want to see him now.

The Khalasar is gone.

A Khal who cannot ride is no Khal.

The Dothraki follow only the strong.

I'm sorry, My Princess.

Drogo!

Why is he out here alone?

He seems to like the warmth, Princess.

He lives.

You asked for life, you paid for life.

This is not life. When will he be as he was?

When the sun rises in the west, sets in the east when the seas go dry.

When the mountains blow in the wind like leaves.

Leave us.

I don't want you alone with this sorceress.

I have nothing more to fear from this woman.

Go.
You knew what I was buying and you knew the price.

It was wrong of them to burn my temple.

It angered the Great Shepherd.

This is not God's work.

My child was innocent.

Innocent?

He would have been the stallion who mounts the world.

Now he will burn no cities.

Now his Khalasar will trample no nations into dust.

I spoke for you.

I saved you.

Saved me?

Three of those riders had already r*ped me before you saved me, girl.

I saw my God's house burn, there where I had healed men and women beyond counting.

In the streets I saw piles of heads ... the head of the Baker who makes my bread, the head of a young boy that I had cured of fever just three moons past.

So tell me again exactly what it was that you saved.

Your life.

Hmph.

Why don't you take a look at your Khal...

Then you will see exactly what life is worth when all the rest has gone.

You can't!

Get out of my way, Sam.

They'll put out the word.

They'll send out ravens. People will come after you.

Do you know what happens to deserters?

Better than you do.

What are you going to do?

I'm gonna find my brother and put a sword through King Joffrey's throat.

You can't leave us now. We need you here.

Move.

I won't let you go.

Move.

No.

Hyah!

Hand of the King?

So it would seem.

And your father said you couldn't take anyone with you to King's Landing.

No, he said I couldn't take you with me to King's Landing.

He was very specific on that point.

He knew my name?

What?

He said, "Don't bring Shae with you to King's Landing"?

I believe he used the word "whore."

Are you ashamed of me?

Are you afraid that I'm dancing around the court with my tits out?

I'm funny now?

I'm Shae the funny whore.

My father's probably the most powerful man in the country.

Certainly the richest.

He has all Seven Kingdoms in his pockets.

Everyone everywhere always has to do exactly what my father says.

He's always been a c**t.

I believe the ladies of the court could learn a great deal from a girl like you.

Why don't you come with me, be the Hand's lady?

Because the King needs a Hand and the Hand ...

I know what a Hand needs.

Ghost?

Hyah!

Hyah.

Hyah!

Hyah.

Samwell!

Is he d*ad?

No, he's not d*ad.

Did we get him?

Come on, help me get him up.

Lucky you've got plenty of padding.

We're taking you back to where you belong.

I belong with my brother.

But we're your brothers now.

They'll k*ll you if they find out you've gone.

They'll k*ll you if they know you came after me.

Go back.

Sam told us everything.

We're sorry about your father.

But it doesn't matter.

You took the oath. You can't leave.

I have to.

You can't.

You said the words.

I don't care about ...

"Hear my words and bear witness to my vow..."

To hell with all of you.

"Night gathers and now my Watch begins.

It shall not end until my death.

I shall live and die at my post."

"I am the sword in the darkness..."

"...The Watcher on the Walls, the shield that guards the realms of men.

I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all nights to come."

When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east...

Then you shall return to me, my sun and stars.

Kings?

Oh, I can tell you all there is to know about Kings.

The thing you need to understand about Kings is...

For the past 67 years, I've known ... truly known more Kings than any man alive.

They're complicated men, but I know how to serve them.

Yes.

And keep on serving them.

Aerys Targaryen... of all the thousand thousand maladies the Gods visit on us, madness is the worst.

He was a good man, such a charmer.

To watch him melt away before my eyes, consumed by dreams of f*re and blood...

Robert Baratheon was an entirely different animal ... powerful man, a great warrior ... but alas, winning a Kingdom and ruling a Kingdom are rather different things.

They say that if a man goes through life with his battle visor down, he can often be blind to the enemies at his side.

Now I serve his son King Joffrey, may the Gods bless his reign.

He is a capable young man ... strong military mind.

Stern...

But sternness in defense of the realm is no vice.

It's far too soon to know what manner of King he will be, but I sense true greatness on the horizon for our new King.

True greatness.

So what's the thing?

What thing?

About Kings.

You said, "the thing you need to understand about Kings..."

What? Things? What?

When you started, you ... never mind.

Let me see you out, my dear.

It's all right. No need.

Yes yes.

Till the next time.

Right.

When you imagine yourself up there, how do you look?

Does the crown fit? Do all the lords and ladies simper and bow, the ones who sneered at you for years?

It's hard for them to simper and bow without heads.

A man with great ambition and no morals ...

I wouldn't bet against you.

And what would you do, my friend, if you found yourself sitting up there?

I must be one of the few men in this city who doesn't want to be King.

You must be one of the few men in the city who isn't a man.

Oh, you can do better than that.

When they castrated you, did they take the pillar with the stones?

I've always wondered.

Have you?

Do you spend a lot of time wondering what's between my legs?

I picture a gash like a woman's. Is that about right?

I am flattered, of course, to be pictured at all.

Must be strange for you, even after all these years ... a man from another land, despised by most, feared by all ... am I? That is good to know.

Do you lie awake at night fearing my gash?

But you carry on, whispering in one King's ear and then the next.

I admire you.

And I admire you, Lord Baelish.

A grasper from a minor house with a major talent for befriending

powerful men ... and women.

A useful talent, I'm sure you'd agree.

So here we stand...

In mutual admiration and respect.

Playing our roles.

Serving a new King.

Long may he reign.

My King.

My King.

My Lords. Shall we begin?

You're Arry now, hear me?

Arry the orphan boy.

No one asks an orphan too many questions

'cause nobody gives three shits.

What's your name?

Arry.

Ah.

We have a long way to travel and in bad company.

I have 20 this time, men and boys all bound for the Wall.

Your Lord father gave me the pick of the dungeons and I didn't find no little lordlings down there.

This lot, half of them would turn you over to the King quick as spit for a pardon.

And the other half would do the same, except they'd r*pe you first.

So keep to yourself ... and when you piss, do it in the woods alone.

You stay with this lot, boy.

And stay ... or I'll lock you in the back of the wagon with these three.

Watch yourself, midget.

He's got a sword, this one.

What's a gutter rat like you doing with a sword?

Maybe he's a little squire.

He ain't no squire. Look at him.

He looks like a girl.

I bet he stole that sword.

Let's have a look.

I could use me a sword like that.

Take it off him.

Give it here, midget.

Look at him!

You'd better give Hot Pie the sword.

I've seen him kick a boy to death.

I knocked him down and I kicked him in the b*lls and I kept kicking him until he was d*ad.

I kicked him all to pieces.

You better give me that sword!

You want it?

I'll give it to you.

I already k*lled one fat boy.

I bet you never k*lled anyone.

I bet you're a liar. But I'm not.

I'm good at k*lling fat boys.

I like k*lling fat boys.

Oh, you like picking on the little ones, do you?

You know, I've been hammering an anvil these past 10 years.

When I h*t that steel, it sings.

Are you gonna sing when I h*t you?

This is castle-forged steel.

Where'd you steal it?

It was a gift.

It don't matter now.

Where we're going, they don't care what you've done.

They've got rapers, pickpockets, highwaymen ... m*rder.

Which are you?

Armorer's apprentice.

But my master got sick of me, so here I am.

Come on, you sorry sons of whores!

It's a thousand leagues from here to the Wall and winter is coming!

Ham.

How many days in a row must a man be expected to start his day with ham?

Bring me some beer at least.

You look exhausted.

Was your moonlight ride that tiring?

Don't look so terrified.

If we beheaded everyone that ran away for the night, only ghosts would guard the Wall.

At least you weren't whoring in Mole's Town.

Honor made you leave, honor brought you back.

My friends brought me back.

I didn't say it was your honor.

They k*lled my father.

And you're going to bring him back to life, are you?

No? Good.

We've had enough of that sort of thing.

Beyond the Wall, the rangers are reporting whole villages abandoned.

At night they see fires blazing in the mountains from dusk until dawn.

A captured wildling swears their tribes are uniting in some secret stronghold,

to what ends the Gods only know.

Outside Eastwatch Cotter Pyke's men discovered four blue-eyed corpses.

Unlike us, they were wise enough to burn them.

Do you think your brother's w*r is more important than ours?

No.

When d*ad men and worse come hunting for us in the night, do you think it matters who sits on the Iron Throne?

No.

Good.

Because I want you and your wolf with us when we ride out beyond the Wall tomorrow.

Beyond the Wall?

I'll not sit meekly by and wait for the snows.

I mean to find out what's happening.

The Night's Watch will ride in force against the wildlings,

the White Walkers and whatever else is out there.

And we will find Benjen Stark, alive or d*ad.

I will command them myself.

So I'll only ask you once, Lord Snow...

Move out!

...Are you a brother of the Night's Watch or a bastard boy

who wants to play at w*r?

Drogo will have no use for dragon eggs in the Night Lands.

Sell them. You can return to the Free Cities and live as a wealthy woman for all your days.

They were not given to me to sell.

Khaleesi, My Queen, I vow to serve you, obey you, to die for you if need be, but let him go, Khaleesi.

I know what you intend. Do not.

I must.

You don't understand ... don't ask me to stand aside as you climb on that pyre.

I won't watch you burn.

Is that what you fear?

You will be my Khalasar.

I see the faces of slaves.

I free you.

Take off your collars. Go if yo wish, no one will stop you.

But if you stay, it will be as brothers and sisters, as husbands and wives.

Ser Jorah, bind this woman to the pyre.

You swore to obey me.

I am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen of the blood of Old Valyria.

I am the Dragon's daughter.

And I swear to you that those who would harm you will die screaming.

You will not hear me scream.

I will.

But it is not your screams I want.

Only your life.

Blood of my blood.

( Hisses )

( Shrieking )

( Shrieking continues )

( Theme music playing )
